
Build a Subscription Application with Stripe | MERN stack Tutorial
https://morioh.com/p/40316c54e122?f=60c59d87cb33627fbcc0a0f3

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

10 Popular Tech Skills All Entrepreneurs Should Learn This Year
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/367979

My Network | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/mwlite/mynetwork/

All the Math You Need to Know in Artificial Intelligence
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/all-the-math-you-need-in-artificial-intelligence/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

A Spanish Author’s Guide to Spanish Crime Fiction ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/a-spanish-authors-guide-to-spanish-crime-fiction/

Creating a Smart Navbar With Vanilla JavaScript | CSS-Tricks
https://css-tricks.com/creating-a-smart-navbar-with-vanilla-javascript/

Pluralsight is Free in April. Here are the 100 Top Pluralsight Courses of All Time — Class Central
https://www.classcentral.com/report/pluralsight-top-courses/amp/

New York University offers free online courses in Computer Programming | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/new-york-university-offers-free-online-courses-in-computer-programming/a…

Born to Rewild: Jeff VanderMeer on What It Means to Restore Your Own Little Part of the World ‹ Lite…
https://lithub.com/born-to-rewild-jeff-vandermeer-on-what-it-means-to-restore-your-own-little-part-o…

Instagram
https://www.instagram.com/explore/

Five Great Psychological Thrillers Set in Isolated Places ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/five-great-psychological-thrillers-set-in-isolated-places/

How to Start a Private-Labeling eCommerce Side Hustle Business on Amazon FBA
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/367509

Most Important Team Members You Need Today list of 8
https://www.richdad.com/most-important-team-members-you-need-today?feed=advisorblogs

Scientists discover coffee pulp’s amazing properties - Big Think
https://bigthink.com/technology-innovation/coffee-pulp?utm_medium=Social&facebook=1&utm_source=Faceb…

10 Books to Take Your Leadership to the Next Level
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/368494

Bengaluru Engineers Create World's First Plastic As Strong As Steel, While Staying Lightweight
https://www.indiatimes.com/technology/news/bengaluru-engineers-create-resin-that-makes-plastics-as-s…

The Crime Novels of WWII ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/the-crime-novels-of-wwii/

How to Become Your Own Mentor
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/363048

Ten Top Cryptocurrencies to watch in 2021, if you’re on the hunt for the next Bitcoin | ItsBlockchai…
https://itsblockchain.com/ten-top-cryptocurrencies-to-watch-in-2021-the-next-bitcoin/

Making a multilingual site with Next.js - Part 3 - DEV Community
https://dev.to/elvessousa/making-a-multilingual-site-with-next-js-part-3-42kh

How to Detect Smartphone Apps That Might Be Spying on You
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/368269

41 Books to Motivate You to Become Your Best Self | SUCCESS
https://www.success.com/41-books-to-motivate-you-to-become-your-best-self/

7 Books That Invite Readerly Exploration, Adventure, and Discovery ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/7-books-that-invite-readerly-exploration-adventure-and-discovery/

Cynthia D’Aprix Sweeney on First Drafts and Battling Writer’s Block ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/cynthia-daprix-sweeney-on-first-drafts-and-battling-writers-block/

4 Reasons Why You Need to Be Making Instagram Reels in 2021
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/367075

Tulsi Panchal on Behance
https://www.behance.net/tulsipanchal

Those Classic Detective Series You’ve Always Been Meaning To Read, Anyway ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/classic-famous-mystery-series-with-very-many-installments-that-youve-always-b…

Great Companies for Remote and Hybrid Work | The Muse
https://www.themuse.com/advice/remote-hybrid-companies-hiring?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&…

morioh.com
https://morioh.com/p/93c37a010739?f=5ecb849462a12f304a4cb03e

Bookworm Checklist Quiz
https://www.buzzfeed.com/piggyness10/you-cant-call-yourself-a-bookworm-unless-you-chec-3zhfsr8vr2?ut…

People are Exhausted. Here's How to Inspire Them to Buy Your Product.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/366986

Redux Basics Cheat Sheet. - DEV Community
https://dev.to/danielkrupnyy/redux-basics-cheat-sheet-1kdn

Write High-Quality Code With an AI Assistant | by Dimitris Poulopoulos | Apr, 2021 | Towards Data Sc…
https://towardsdatascience.com/write-high-quality-code-with-an-ai-assistant-8ec3096fcbac

gopinav (Vishwas) · GitHub
https://github.com/gopinav

Home | Codevolution
https://learn.codevolution.dev/

Top 7 Signs of a Highly Experienced Software Engineer | by Lokajit Tikayatray | Apr, 2021 | Better P…
https://betterprogramming.pub/top-7-signs-of-a-highly-experienced-software-engineer-2643e5e2a19f

How to Study for the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate | by Madison Hunter | Mar, 2021 …
https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-study-for-the-google-data-analytics-professional-certificate-2…

Smarter Single Page Application with a REST API - CodeOpinion
https://codeopinion.com/smarter-single-page-application-with-a-rest-api/

Capgemini brings together its engineering and R&D expertise with the launch of new brand: ‘Capgemini…
https://www.capgemini.com/news/capgemini-brings-together-its-engineering-and-rd-expertise-with-the-l…

7 subjects that should be taught in U.S. schools - Big Think
https://bigthink.com/politics-current-affairs/subjects-taught-school?utm_term=Autofeed&utm_medium=So…

The New Rules for Night Owl Workers - WSJ
https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-new-rules-for-night-owl-workers-11612746000?mod=e2fb

On the Role of Zen Buddhism in the Stories of J.D. Salinger ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/on-the-role-of-zen-buddhism-in-the-stories-of-j-d-salinger/

Characters That Are So Bad, They’re Great ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/characters-that-are-so-bad-theyre-great/

If You've Read at Least 50% of the Top 100 Books in America, You're a True Book Lover (BuzzFeed)
https://www.listchallenges.com/if-youve-read-at-least-50-of-the-top-100-books?utm_source=facebook.co…

On Great Literary Loves and the Joyous, Complicated Brilliance of Walt Whitman ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/on-great-literary-loves-and-the-joyous-complicated-brilliance-of-walt-whitman/

Ten Pulp Crime Authors Recommended By Stephen King ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/ten-pulp-crime-authors-recommended-by-stephen-king/

How to fight productivity fatigue after the pandemic
https://www.fastcompany.com/90623449/3-steps-to-start-tackling-your-productivity-fatigue

Founders, take note: here’s why most startups fail - Business Insider India
https://www.businessinsider.in/business/startups/news/founders-take-note-heres-why-most-startups-fai…

?? ???? ??? 5 ???? ???? ?? ???? ???? ?? ??????, ??? ???? ????? ?? ???? | best online business ideas …
https://www.tv9hindi.com/business/best-online-business-ideas-earn-money-with-digital-hoardings-makin…

The Crime Fiction Series That Defined the Last Decade ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/the-crime-fiction-series-that-defined-the-last-decade/

11 of the Best Political Education Books to Read While Doing the Work
https://bookriot.com/political-education-books/

15 Fantasy Mystery Books for Readers Craving a Magical Whodunnit
https://bookriot.com/best-fantasy-mystery-books/

5 Financial literacy lessons that lead to better investing
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/04/08/5-financial-literacy-lessons-that-lead-to-better-investing-.html?utm…

Locked-Room Mysteries: A Beginner’s Guide ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/locked-room-mysteries-a-beginners-guide/

How to Balance Worldbuilding and Action in Your Novel ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/how-to-balance-worldbuilding-and-action-in-your-novel/

My Top 5 Methods To Develop UIs Faster in ReactJS - DEV Community
https://dev.to/abdulbasit313/my-top-5-methods-to-develop-uis-faster-in-reactjs-4blg

The Complete Guide to Full Stack Ethereum Development - DEV Community
https://dev.to/dabit3/the-complete-guide-to-full-stack-ethereum-development-3j13

Deep Learning Recommendation Models (DLRM): A Deep Dive - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/04/deep-learning-recommendation-models-dlrm-deep-dive.html

I Created an Open-Source Music Player ???? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/madza/i-created-an-open-source-music-player-53bh

Medium
https://itnext.io/how-to-build-a-nodejs-wrapper-for-a-weather-api-28404caedfdb

Medium like Blog Post Builder in React with graphql using typescript - DEV Community
https://dev.to/selvaece25/medium-like-blog-post-builder-in-react-using-typescript-1g78

Must have business skills to take the entrepreneurial plunge
https://yourstory.com/2021/02/must-business-skills-entrepreneurial-plunge/amp

Build your own Shakespeare Translation Web App with JavaScript Fetch API - DEV Community
https://dev.to/nayyyhaa/build-your-own-shakespeare-translation-web-app-with-javascript-fetch-api-loo

Amazon India launches mentor programme for startups, emerging brands
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/amazon-india-launches-mentor-programme-for-startups-emerging-brands/am…

Ionic, Flutter, and React Native: When To Use Them - DZone Web Dev
https://dzone.com/articles/what-are-ionic-flutter-amp-react-native-when-to-us

Tools to invent better futures. Experimental tools to align speculative… | by Damien Lutz | Apr, 202…
https://uxdesign.cc/future-scouting-2-tools-for-designing-values-driven-futures-dc0c2a16797b

Vanilla JavaScript Archery Game - DEV Community
https://dev.to/glenntippett/vanilla-javascript-archery-game-5cg4

9. Fundamental Lessons from String Theory - Big Think
https://bigthink.com/surprising-science/10-great-physics-courses-you-can-take-online-right-now-for-f…

Start Making Money by Launching a Profitable Side Hustle Freelancing
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/368883

Build The Confidence of a Superhero
https://www.richdad.com/build-the-confidence-of-a-superhero?feed=advisorblogs

5 Questions to Ask Before You Fall in Love - The Good Men Project
https://goodmenproject.com/featured-content/5-questions-to-ask-before-you-fall-in-love-dg/

6 Ways a Narcissist Can Hide in Plain Sight | Psychology Today
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/tech-support/201811/6-ways-narcissist-can-hide-in-plain-sigh…

12 Backend Development Tools For Web Developers - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/12-backend-development-tools-for-web-developers/

Recently I decided to become a freelancer - DEV Community
https://dev.to/istef94/recently-i-decided-to-become-a-freelancer-2bhi

Best Books Lists Combined
https://www.listchallenges.com/best-books-lists-combined?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=social&u…

Data Science Applications | Real-World Applications of Data Science & AI
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/04/5-amazing-real-world-applications-of-artificial-intelli…

GUVI | AICTE | AI For India 1.0
https://www.guvi.in/AI-for-India?utm_source=Insta-Influencer&utm_medium=Ai-Machine-Learning&utm_camp…

5 Key React Lessons the Tutorials Don't Teach You
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/5-react-lessons-tutorials-dont-teach/amp/

Our first dive into the world of UX explorative research | by Bharat Apat | Apr, 2021 | Zeta Design
https://design.zeta.in/our-first-dive-into-the-world-of-ux-explorative-research-4b951b93db33

Rethinking AI - Artificial Intelligence - Analytics Vidhya
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/04/rethinking-ai-artificial-intelligence/

Building A Video Streaming App With Nuxt.js, Node And Express — Smashing Magazine
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2021/04/building-video-streaming-app-nuxtjs-node-express/

Data Science and AI Books for 2021 | by Elizabeth Obee | Apr, 2021 | Towards Data Science
https://towardsdatascience.com/data-science-and-ai-books-for-2021-b8665856cb9e

How Microlearning Can Help You Improve Your Data Science Skills in Less Than 10 Minutes Per Day | by…
https://towardsdatascience.com/how-microlearning-can-help-you-improve-your-data-science-skills-in-le…

UX Designers, are you happy?. Navigating storms and finding meaning… | by Chris Kernaghan | UX Colle…
https://uxdesign.cc/ux-designers-are-you-happy-fbde1c1e4ad1

Why is Freelancing so Hard? How to Avoid Common Freelancing Mistakes and Be Successful
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/why-is-freelancing-so-hard/amp/

Want to know how the startup ecosystem works? Become the CEO of a startup for one day to know more
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/indian-startup-ecosystem-entrepreneurship-business-events/amp

5 Daily Habits of Six-Figure Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/368779

?? ?????? ?????? ?? ?????? ???? ????? ???? ??????? '???????' :: Setopati
https://www.setopati.com/nepali-brand/234473

How to save money using high-yield savings accounts
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/04/12/how-to-save-money-using-high-yield-savings-accounts.html?utm_content…

Why Librarians Are Natural Born Detectives ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/why-librarians-are-natural-born-detectives/

Blog: A beginner’s guide to Haruki Murakami · Readings.com.au
https://www.readings.com.au/news/a-beginner-s-guide-to-haruki-murakami

??10 Trending projects on GitHub for web developers - 16th April 2021 - DEV Community
https://dev.to/iainfreestone/10-trending-projects-on-github-for-web-developers-16th-april-2021-k0k

Remotion: A framework for making videos in React  - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/remotion-a-framework-for-making-videos-in-react/

Getting Started With Your First three.js Project: Part One — The Setup - DEV Community
https://dev.to/waldowred5/getting-started-with-your-first-three-js-project-part-one-the-setup-147k

How To Create A Kickass GitHub Profile Page - DEV Community
https://dev.to/codeloungedev/how-to-create-a-kickass-github-profile-page-408a

These 7 phrases can help you sound more powerful at work
https://www.fastcompany.com/90623381/these-7-phrases-can-help-you-sound-more-powerful-at-work?partne…

Want Something From Someone? Do the Work for Them.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/368335

Viewing patterns: The subconscious psychology of the eye | by Canvs Editorial | Apr, 2021 | UX Colle…
https://uxdesign.cc/viewing-patterns-the-subconscious-psychology-of-the-eye-8b8b8522f753

These Thriller Novels Are So Twisty That People Read Them In One Sitting
https://www.buzzfeed.com/farrahpenn/best-thriller-novels-to-read-in-one-sitting?utm_source=dynamic&u…

How Aviation Industry Uses Data Science? - Analytics Vidhya
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/04/how-aviation-industry-uses-data-science/

The Pandemic Created the Next Generation of Great Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/368352

How to organize your data science project in 2021 - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/04/how-organize-your-data-science-project-2021.html

Some Vanilla JS libraries you must try - DEV Community
https://dev.to/commentme/some-vanilla-js-libraries-you-must-try-17a3

On the Link Between Great Thinking and Obsessive Walking ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/on-the-link-between-great-thinking-and-obsessive-walking/

How CEO Aiman Ezzat Is Positioning Capgemini For Its Next Phase Of Transformative Growth | Forbes In…
https://www.forbesindia.com/article/take-one-big-story-of-the-day/how-ceo-aiman-ezzat-is-positioning…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Top Open-Source Datasets to Train Machine Learning Models in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-open-source-datasets-to-train-machine-learning-models-in-2021/

50 Best Firms In India For Data Scientists To Work For – 2021
https://analyticsindiamag.com/50-best-firms-in-india-for-data-scientists-to-work-for/

Boosting Natural Language Processing with Wikipedia | by Nicola Melluso | Apr, 2021 | Towards Data S…
https://towardsdatascience.com/boosting-natural-language-processing-with-wikipedia-b779103ba396

Write High-Quality Code With an AI Assistant | by Dimitris Poulopoulos | Apr, 2021 | Towards Data Sc…
https://towardsdatascience.com/write-high-quality-code-with-an-ai-assistant-8ec3096fcbac

Are Serial Killers Born Bad or Man-Made Monsters? ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/are-serial-killers-born-bad-or-man-made-monsters/

How to Write a Good README File for Your GitHub Project
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/amp/

I learned the foundations of UX design from Google and would recommend it to every designer! - DEV C…
https://dev.to/kiromo/i-learned-the-foundations-of-ux-design-from-google-and-would-recommend-it-to-e…

13 Rumi Poems to Awaken the Love Within Us. | elephant journal
https://www.elephantjournal.com/2017/07/13-rumi-poems-to-awaken-the-love-within-us/

7 Paths To Data Science. Common, or not so common career paths… | by Adam Ross Nelson | Apr, 2021 | …
https://towardsdatascience.com/7-paths-to-data-science-547c73611fca

How Do You Keep A Long-Running Series Fresh? The Secret Is Character ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/how-do-you-keep-a-long-running-series-fresh-the-secret-is-character/

8 of Our Favourite Chrome Extensions For Writers
https://prowritingaid.com/art/1346/8-chrome-extensions-for-writers.aspx?utm_campaign=BlogTraffic&utm…

3 services to deploy your Node.js app for free - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/free-services-deploy-node-js-app/

5 women entrepreneurs who are bringing eco-friendly, sustainable fashion to Indian customers
https://yourstory.com/herstory/2021/04/sustainable-fashion-women-entrepreneurs-eco-friendly-clothes/…

What I've learned using Chakra-Ui so far - DEV Community
https://dev.to/carlosrafael22/what-i-ve-learned-with-chakra-ui-so-far-4f5e

5 Data Science Hackathons to Grow and Improve Your Skills | by Sara A. Metwalli | Towards Data Scien…
https://towardsdatascience.com/5-data-science-hackathons-to-grow-and-improve-your-skills-ccfb41193ea…

Interlinking Artificial Intelligence with Human Brain through Cognition
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/interlinking-artificial-intelligence-with-human-brain-through-cogni…

Twisted Siblings and the New Era of Psychological Thrillers ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/twisted-siblings-and-the-new-era-of-psychological-thrillers/

How to Auto-Deploy Your React Apps with Cloudflare Pages
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-auto-deploy-your-react-apps-with-cloudflare-pages/amp/

NLP API | Google's NLP API to Analyze and Produce Better Content
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/04/how-to-use-googles-nlp-api-to-analyze-and-produce-bette…

How I Built my Blog using MDX, Next.js, and React
https://www.joshwcomeau.com/blog/how-i-built-my-blog/

5 of the Best Dark Thrillers on Kindle Unlimited | Book Riot
https://bookriot.com/thrillers-on-kindle-unlimited/

Why Indigenous Crime Fiction Matters ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/why-indigenous-crime-fiction-matters/

Prime Venture Partners’ Shripati Acharya on how entrepreneurs can build venture-funded tech startups
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/prime-venture-partners-shripati-acharya-building-tech-startups/amp

Uncovering How to Scale Artificial Intelligence Successfully
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/uncovering-how-to-scale-artificial-intelligence-successfully/?amp

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Shopify CEO: you don't have to work 80 hours a week to be successful
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/12/26/shopify-ceo-you-dont-have-to-work-80-hours-a-week-to-be-successful.h…

Martin Scorsese’s Gangland Sagas and the Dream of Upward Social Mobility ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/martin-scorsese-gangland-social-mobility/

The Creative Sherlock Holmes: Appreciating the Rational Thinker’s Hidden Artistry ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/the-creative-sherlock-holmes-appreciating-the-rational-thinkers-hidden-artist…

25 Classic Crime Books You Can Read in an Afternoon ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/25-classic-crime-books-you-can-read-in-an-afternoon/

50 Projects in 50 Days, 3/5 there! ?? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/chiaraintech/50-projects-in-50-days-3-5-there-50-5bnl

How to Think Like an Entrepreneur, According to Reid Hoffman
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/365727

15 literary novels that will have you compulsively turning the pages – Modern Mrs Darcy
https://modernmrsdarcy.com/compulsively-readable-literary-fiction/

AI and ML can Help to Turn Millionaire Dreams into Reality
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/ai-and-ml-can-help-to-turn-millionaire-dreams-into-reality/

How Steve Jobs' #1 Design Principle Can Transform Your Daily Life
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/369186

Furkan-Gulsen (Furkan Gulsen) · GitHub
https://github.com/Furkan-Gulsen

UC Berkeley Summer Reading
https://www.listchallenges.com/uc-berkeley-summer-reading?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=social&…

Machine Learning Directly in SQL – How to Use ML in Databases
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/machine-learning-directly-in-sql/

20 Legit Ways to Make Extra Cash – Oceanviral
https://oceanviral.com/20-legit-ways-to-make-extra-cash/

How to Learn from Tutorials the Right Way – and Not Get Trapped in Tutorial Hell
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-learn-from-coding-tutorials-and-avoid-tutorial-hell/

Understanding the brain is the key to true AI: neuroscientist and tech entrepreneur Jeff Hawkins - T…
https://m.economictimes.com/prime/technology-and-startups/understanding-the-brain-is-the-key-to-true…

Using FaceID and TouchID in React Native and Expo - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-implement-faceid-and-touchid-in-react-native-and-expo/

This Bengaluru-based agritech startup aims to make India ‘atmanirbhar’ in silk production
https://yourstory.com/socialstory/2021/04/bengaluru-agritech-startup-aims-to-make-silk-atmanirbhar-r…

3 enterprise AI success stories | InfoWorld
https://www.infoworld.com/article/3615449/3-enterprise-ai-success-stories.amp.html

Indian founders need to build great companies before building unicorns, says Anand Rajaraman, Rocket…
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/indian-founders-build-great-companies-before-unicorns-anand-rajaraman-…

A Complete Guide to Build a Grocery Delivery App with React Native | by Sophia Martin | Apr, 2021 | …
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/a-complete-guide-to-building-your-on-demand-grocery-app-with-reac…

Bengaluru and Hyderabad: How entrepreneurial ecosystem of two leading startup hubs emerged over deca…
https://www.financialexpress.com/industry/sme/cafe-sme/bengaluru-and-hyderabad-how-entrepreneurial-e…

Simplify Your Time Management With the 'Rule of 4' | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/simplify-your-time-management-with-rule-of-4.html?cid=sf01002

4 Powerful Lessons Entrepreneurs Can Learn from Zack Snyder's 'Justice League'
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/367892

William Faulkner probably got rejected more than you. ‹ Literary Hub
https://lithub.com/william-faulkner-probably-got-rejected-more-than-you/

Of course Vladimir Nabokov imagined emoticons over a decade before they were invented. ‹ Literary Hu…
https://lithub.com/of-course-vladimir-nabokov-imagined-emoticons-over-a-decade-before-they-were-inve…

More Businesses Should Follow the Jeff Bezos 'Country Club' Rule | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/don-reisinger/more-businesses-should-follow-jeff-bezos-country-club-rule.html?ci…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Top 10 Awesome React Zoom Image Components
https://morioh.com/p/bca9c144354c?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How this bootstrapped startup aims to create an Amazon for rural India
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/hyderabad-bootstrapped-startup-create-amazon-rural-india-hesa/amp

The 5 Biggest Mistakes That Make You Unlikeable, According to Ben Franklin | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/the-5-biggest-mistakes-that-make-you-unlikeable-according-to-be…

A Crime Writer and Taekwondo Instructor’s Top 7 Fight Scene Mistakes in Fiction ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/a-crime-writer-and-taekwondo-instructors-top-7-fight-scene-mistakes-in-fictio…

(4) Question
https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-find-out-the-supported-RAM-frequency-for-my-laptop-I-have-a-DDR4-supp…

Elon Musk and Steve Jobs Embraced Lateral Thinking. Here's Why It Beats Best Practices Every Time.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/367350

How Billionaire Entrepreneurs and CEOs Come Up With Their Best Ideas | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/how-billionaire-entrepreneurs-ceos-come-up-with-their-best-idea…

arunsammit (Arun Sammit Pandey) / Repositories · GitHub
https://github.com/arunsammit?tab=repositories

Rebuilding My 7 Python Projects - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/05/rebuilding-7-python-projects.html

7 lessons from Silicon Valley for early-stage Indian startups
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/lessons-silicon-valley-early-stage-indian-startups/amp

Pavilion g6-2xxx Series (Intel) | Upgradeable Australia
https://www.upgradeable.com.au/collections/hp_pavilion-g6-series-notebook_pavilion-g6-2xxx-series-in…

How to create an encrypted USB Daedalus Wallet with Ubuntu 20.04 : r/cardano
https://www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/q91v44/how_to_create_an_encrypted_usb_daedalus_wallet/?utm…

How a personal journey to find the right products for their children led this entrepreneur couple to…
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/personal-journey-entrepreneur-couple-the-moms-co/amp

The five levels of startup maturity – and how founders can gear up from concept to launch
https://yourstory.com/2021/04/startup-launchbook-maturity-ajay-batra/amp

[Funding alert] Edtech startup Teachmint raises $16.5M in Series A round led by Learn Capital
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/funding-edtech-startup-teachmint-raises-165-million/amp

How Chargebee Became A Unicorn In The Subscription Billing Business | Forbes India
https://www.forbesindia.com/article/take-one-big-story-of-the-day/how-chargebee-became-a-unicorn-in-…

3 Leadership Lessons From Bill and Melinda Gates' Divorce
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/371078

Bill Gates And Melinda Gates Divorce: Reason Behind The High-Profile Split That Shook Everyone
https://www.india.com/lifestyle/bill-gates-and-melinda-gates-divorce-reason-behind-the-high-profile-…

Karnataka Startup's AI Technology Helps 5500 Silk Farmer Earn 30% More
https://www.thebetterindia.com/253969/reshamandi-agri-tech-startup-silk-farmers-karnataka-mayank-tiw…

[Jobs Roundup] Work for kirana commerce startup ElasticRun with these openings
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/jobs-roundup-elastic-run-kirana-commerce-startup/amp

Why you should always have a ‘happy exit’ plan for your startup
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/why-you-should-always-have-a-happy-exit-plan-for-your-startup/amp

Rumi’s most Powerful Poem on Welcoming our Emotions. | elephant journal
https://www.elephantjournal.com/2020/12/rumis-most-powerful-poem-on-welcoming-our-emotions-rasha-al-…

Science of Success: You Need to Work Less and Play More!
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/370546

The React Cheatsheet for 2021? (+ Real-World Examples)
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-cheatsheet-with-real-world-examples/

How to Build a Multi-Step Registration App with Animated Transitions Using the MERN Stack
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-a-multi-step-registration-app-with-animated-transitions-usin…

Boost Your Programming Skills by Reading Git's Code
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/boost-programming-skills-read-git-code/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/b9d31e6824d9?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Learn How to Create an Instagram Clone Using React in Free 12-Hour Course
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-how-to-create-an-instagram-clone-using-react/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/22f2fef12023?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Create a Discord Bot for Free with JavaScript – Full Tutorial
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/create-a-discord-bot-with-javascript-nodejs/

Learn Docker by Building a Node / Express App
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-docker-by-building-a-node-express-app/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/fef7b68fba4a?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/d05a8b91f9b1?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

GraphQL VS REST – Benefits and Code Example Comparisons
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/graphql-vs-rest-benefits-and-code-example-comparisons/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/7a9893e2a5af?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Node.js and Cloud Firestore Tutorial – How to Build a Home Inventory System
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/nodejs-and-cloud-firestore-tutorial-build-a-home-inventory-system/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/a881d96ba7dd?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

User Authentication in Node.js with Passport.js and JWT – Full 6-Hour Course
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-to-implement-user-authentication-in-node-apps-using-passport…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/3ef3d184d0d6?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/96ff169cb689?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/cfe4269e3066?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/441a69396224?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/9cf19f646980?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/ea24745746e9?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/82a51337ce5c?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/da49bd59684f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/1661b2e13e57?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Lose The Meetings, Ditch Acronyms: Elon Musk's 7 Rules To Increase Productivity
https://www.ndtv.com/offbeat/elon-musks-7-recommendations-to-increase-productivity-read-them-here-24…

Indian biotech startup reports early cancer detection breakthrough
https://www.livemint.com/science/health/biotech-startup-reports-early-cancer-detection-breakthrough/…

Building an AI That Feels - IEEE Spectrum
https://spectrum.ieee.org/artificial-intelligence/machine-learning/building-an-ai-that-feels

Instagram
https://www.instagram.com/

bradtraversy/50projects50days: 50+ mini web projects using HTML, CSS & JS
https://github.com/bradtraversy/50projects50days

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/283e8ff38922?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/3e20e9582241?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Django + Vue Course – Build an e-Commerce Website
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/create-an-e-commerce-site-with-django-and-vue/

The Crime Books of Mongolia: Murder on the Roof of the World ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/the-crime-books-of-mongolia-murder-on-the-roof-of-the-world/

UiPath (PATH) Founder Daniel Dines Turns ‘Crazy Idea’ Into $6 Billion Fortune - Bloomberg
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-04-21/uipath-founder-turns-crazy-idea-into-6-billion-fo…

Startups from emerging markets will shape the post-Covid economy
https://thenextweb.com/news/startups-from-emerging-markets-will-shape-the-post-covid-economy-meet-th…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/b6ccf5cd80c9?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Habits a 37-Year-Old Used to Build Her $2 Million Investment Portfolio
https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/habits-used-to-build-million-investment-portfolio-2…

???? ????? ???????????? ?? ? ? ????????? ??????-??????????? ???? ???? ???
https://ekagaj.com/article/thought/13263

A Successful Cybersecurity Company Isn't About Fancy Technology
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/364061

Should You Use Your Own Name or Create a Brand Name for Your Business?
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/358399

Why Motherhood Is a Fertile Subject For Crime Fiction ‹ CrimeReads
https://crimereads.com/why-motherhood-is-a-fertile-subject-for-crime-fiction/

TU CDC
https://tucdc.edu.np/login

Investing Has Been Crazy. New Fintech Seeks to Make Sense of It All.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/363414

Machine Learning Systems Book Recommendations – Learn How to Build and Understand ML Systems
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/machine-learning-systems-book-recommendations/

2 Investing Lessons That Helped a Multimillionaire Build Her Fortune
https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/built-investment-portfolio-by-understanding-risk-20…

How to Ace Your Coding Interview – Advice from a Senior Software Engineer
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-acing-your-coding-interview-advice-from-senior-software-eng…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/da429684eab2?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

This startup’s digital stack helps entrepreneurs manage ownership structures seamlessly
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/startups-digital-stack-manage-entrepreneurs-ownership-structure/amp

5 startups providing jobs in rural India - Education Today News
https://www.indiatoday.in/amp/education-today/jobs-and-careers/story/4-startups-providing-jobs-in-ru…

This startup’s digital stack helps entrepreneurs manage ownership structures seamlessly
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/startups-digital-stack-manage-entrepreneurs-ownership-structure/amp

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/9e287ae4584f?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

How to Design Good Typography - Free Treehouse Course
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-design-good-typography/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/20990ab1ae81?f=5ece1a68f0e6056e36305f65

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/d7734b195e7d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

The NGINX Handbook
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-nginx-handbook/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/cf34c5a40c98?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

What is the Difference Between a Website and a Web Application?
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/difference-between-a-website-and-a-web-application/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/5e80d790a4e6?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/71c839901505?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

[Funding alert] Cold-chain startup Celcius raises seed round from Eaglewings Ventures, others
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/cold-chain-startup-celcius-raises-seed-round/amp

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/1ede705dd491?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Create a Movie Watchlist with React Hooks, Context API and localStorage
https://morioh.com/p/6ff8fd3afcfb?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Invest Using Other People’s Money
https://www.richdad.com/other-peoples-money?feed=robert-kim-blogs

This legal tech startup is raising the bar for technology penetration in the sector, focuses on cust…
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/lawyered-legal-tech-startup-is-raising-the-bar-customisation/amp

From Obama to Steve Jobs: The greatest commencement speeches of all time - CNN
https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2021/05/13/world/most-memorable-commencement-speeches-spc-intl/index.html?__…

10 First Impressions That Women Look For In Men | Curious Mob
https://curiousmob.com/10-things-that-women-notice-in-men/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/e0271488b044?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/4407989c9185?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

cheat for weapons in gta vice city - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=cheat+for+weapons+in+gta+vice+city&oq=cheat+for+wea&aqs=chrome.0.0i2…

[Jobs Roundup] Here's how you can work with healthtech startup Practo
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/jobs-roundup-practo-healthtech-startup/amp

IIT alumni show how you can grow chemical-free crops by using hydroponics
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/iit-alumni-agritech-startup-chemical-free-crops-hydroponics/amp

The Elon Musk effect, on teenagers
https://m.economictimes.com/tech/newsletters/ettech-unwrapped/the-musk-effect/articleshow/82650523.c…

5 Lessons for Entrepreneurs from 'The 40 Rules of Love'
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/369112

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/58f1b41c55e8?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

What Data Reveals About Why Some Startups Reach Billion-Dollar Valuations | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/ali-tamaseb/super-founders-billion-dollar-valuation-unicorn-startup.html?cid=sf0…

Learn JavaScript - A Free 7-hour Interactive Tutorial
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-javascript-interactive-course/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/afa6e64456d5?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/2110b5dca4bd?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/77b34ddcd183?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Shopify CEO: you don't have to work 80 hours a week to be successful
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/12/26/shopify-ceo-you-dont-have-to-work-80-hours-a-week-to-be-successful.h…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/441bf446e640?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/f6ebdd1d463a?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Think Like an Entrepreneur, According to Reid Hoffman
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/365727

The 3 things that keep people feeling motivated at work |
https://ideas.ted.com/3-things-that-keep-people-feeling-motivated-at-work/

Django + Vue Course – Build an e-Commerce Website
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/create-an-e-commerce-site-with-django-and-vue/

Want to Drastically Improve Your Thinking? A Navy SEAL Officer Says Try These 5 Ideas | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/want-to-drastically-improve-your-thinking-a-navy-seal-officer-s…

Angular 11 Tutorial: Code a Project from Scratch
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/angular-11-tutorial-code-a-project-from-scratch/

How to Write Documentation For Your Next Software Development Project
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-documentation-for-your-next-software-development-proj…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/08de09820696?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Your Brain Is a Supercomputer. Here's How to Reboot It, According to World-Renowned Brain Coach Jim …
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/371319

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/7595d9b3d014?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Successfully Found Two Businesses (at the Exact Same Time)
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/369189

Six Things You Thought Senior Devs Did (But We Don't) - DEV Community
https://dev.to/codemouse92/six-things-you-thought-senior-devs-did-but-we-don-t-3k6e

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/7edd8d90e0c4?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Need a Business Idea? Here Are 55.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/201588

10+ BEST Full Stack Developer Courses & Certifications (2021)
https://www.guru99.com/best-full-stack-web-developer-courses.html

untitled
chrome-native://newtab/

?? JS Interview Checklist - Part 1 (Basics)
https://rajatgupta.xyz/js-interview-1

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/5fe3941a3afd?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

bitfumes/vue3-for-beginners
https://github.com/bitfumes/vue3-for-beginners

Learn How to Use React and GraphQL to Make a Full Stack Social Network
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-how-to-use-react-and-graphql-to-make-a-full-stack-social-net…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/c466eab81513?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Machine Learning Systems Book Recommendations – Learn How to Build and Understand ML Systems
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/machine-learning-systems-book-recommendations/

What are micro frontends? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/vicnovais/what-are-micro-frontends-4amf

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/940406e08188?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/5a7496f39f5d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/2ff8eaac0453?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

These Indian Edtech Companies are Shaping the Future of AI & Robotics
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/these-indian-edtech-companies-are-shaping-the-future-of-ai-robotics…

This banking tech startup is the newest Indian unicorn with a $1.45 billion valuation - Business Ins…
https://www.businessinsider.in/business/startups/news/zeta-is-indias-newest-unicorn-with-1-45-billio…

Papers - labml.ai
https://papers.labml.ai/papers/monthly

Slip into lean mode to raise the odds of startup success
https://www.livemint.com/opinion/online-views/slip-into-lean-mode-to-raise-the-odds-of-startup-succe…

Stanford Professor: These 3 Small Actions Make You a Magnet for Attracting Luck | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/betsy-mikel/a-stanford-professors-simple-3-step-formula-to-make-your-own-luck.ht…

What you should learn before learning React Native - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/what-you-should-learn-before-learning-react-native/

Great New Resource for Natural Language Processing Research and Applications - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/05/great-new-resource-natural-language-processing-research-applicatio…

Transforming the World with His Latest AI Inventions: Elon Musk
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/transforming-the-world-with-his-latest-ai-inventions-elon-musk/

Top Quantum Computing Project Ideas In 2021
https://analyticsindiamag.com/top-quantum-computing-project-ideas-in-2021/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/d127ea212e7d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

10 CSS Hacks Every Web Developer Should Know
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/10-css-hacks-every-web-developer-should-know/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/d1f97dd3efe8?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/4545f53acade?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/da919e78ea36?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Build and Deploy a Portfolio with Vue.js Axios, the GitHub REST API, and Netlify
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-a-portfolio-with-vuejs/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/b1ebf8a8569d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/a8c658a90ef1?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/0eee909263bc?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/a86a8e477246?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

All The Free ML/AI Courses Launched At Google I/O
https://analyticsindiamag.com/all-the-free-ml-ai-courses-launched-at-google-i-o/

yourstory.com
https://yourstory.com/2021/05/jobs-roundup-mark-cuban-blockchain-startup-polygon/amp

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/6db79eed2d39?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/132f961edd37?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Top Natural Language Generation Platforms In 2021
https://analyticsindiamag.com/top-natural-language-generation-platforms-in-2021/

Make users think: a way for design innovation | by Marilia Moita | May, 2021 | UX Collective
https://uxdesign.cc/make-users-think-a-way-for-design-innovation-be0c1d0a5e51

Welcome to Shopping | Aurelando Shop
https://bledstoreapp-v1.herokuapp.com/

quintuslabs/fashion-cube: React ecommerce website
https://github.com/quintuslabs/fashion-cube

quintuslabs/GroceryStore-with-server: Grocery Store with server integration
https://github.com/quintuslabs/GroceryStore-with-server

untitled
https://goshop.quintuslabs.in/

Technical Blogging Basics – How to Write Articles as a Developer
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/technical-blogging-basics/

3 Growth Strategies Small Businesses Can Learn From Google
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/370285

These are the 8 habits that every great leader must develop
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/373108

Technozune - Get Free Udemy Courses
http://technozune.com/

How to CRUD with Node.js and MongoDB | InfoWorld
https://www.infoworld.com/article/3619533/how-to-crud-with-nodejs-and-mongodb.amp.html

Get The Complete Guide To Starting Up 2021 | Ankur Warikoo
https://courses.ankurwarikoo.com/get-the-complete-guide-to-starting-up-2021/?gclid=Cj0KCQjwnueFBhChA…

Internship Opportunities In Data Science & Analytics At Top Indian Firms
https://analyticsindiamag.com/jobs-roundup-latest-internship-opportunities-in-data-science-analytics…

10+ Best JavaScript Animation Libraries to Use in 2021
https://www.codeinwp.com/blog/best-javascript-animation-libraries/

Coursera | Online Courses From Top Universities. Join for Free
https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-science-data-science-boulder/tuition-financing

5 Data Science Projects that You Can Complete Over the Weekend | Towards Data Science
https://towardsdatascience.com/5-data-science-projects-that-you-can-complete-over-the-weekend-34445b…

How to Pass Data and Events Between Components in React
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/pass-data-between-components-in-react/amp/

ISRO Offers Free Short-term Online Courses in Machine Learning, GIS Technology
https://www.news18.com/amp/news/education-career/isro-offers-free-short-term-online-courses-in-machi…

Machine Learning Practical Workout | 8 Real-World Projects - Technozune
http://technozune.com/?p=5125

CRUD_Application_Node/server/controller at master · akashyap2013/CRUD_Application_Node
https://github.com/akashyap2013/CRUD_Application_Node/tree/master/server/controller

dhiaaouichaoui/blog-app
https://github.com/dhiaaouichaoui/blog-app

????? ??????? ?????? ????????? ???????? ????? ????? ????? ??: ??. ??????? ??????? – Sudarshan Khabar
https://sudarshankhabar.com/archives/14599

The Modern JavaScript Tutorial
https://javascript.info/

How to create NFTs with JavaScript - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-create-nfts-with-javascript/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/5bf94d10e2a2?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/040bb01927ba?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

6 Python Projects You Can Finish in a Weekend | by Frank Andrade | Jun, 2021 | Towards Data Science
https://towardsdatascience.com/6-python-projects-you-can-finish-in-a-weekend-f53552279cc

SnapDeal: How Snapdeal is reinventing value by taking a leaf out of the playbook of fallen unicorn S…
https://m.economictimes.com/prime/consumer/snapdeal-3-0-taking-a-leaf-out-of-a-fallen-unicorns-playb…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/47c24398ff1a?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Top Blockchain Programming Books to Read in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-blockchain-programming-books-to-read-in-2021/

PrincewillIroka/gmail_clone
https://github.com/PrincewillIroka/gmail_clone

For those who want to break out of their shell | TED Talks
https://www.ted.com/playlists/362/for_those_who_want_to_break_ou?utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=soci…

How to Build a Custom Pagination Component in React
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-a-custom-pagination-component-in-react/amp/

Plant Disease Detection using Advanced Deep Learning and ReactJS | by Dhruvil Shah | Jun, 2021 | Tow…
https://towardsdatascience.com/plant-disease-detection-using-advanced-deep-learning-and-reactjs-6bb9…

Getting started with React Cosmos - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/getting-started-with-react-cosmos/

Top Data Science Books You Must Read in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-data-science-books-you-must-read-in-2021/

Best Quantum Computing Stock To Buy Now? 4 To Know
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/375073

ailab/Sketch2Code at master · microsoft/ailab
https://github.com/Microsoft/ailab/tree/master/Sketch2Code

Different Types of Robot Programming Languages
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/different-types-of-robot-programming-languages/

ML/AI research |Steal the code (ethically) and get better at ML/AI research
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/06/steal-the-code-ethically-get-better-at-ml-ai-research/

10 things highly authentic people always do (but never talk about) - Hack Spirit
https://hackspirit.com/10-things-dont-realize-youre-youre-highly-authentic/

How To Open Your Heart And Become More Authentic | Thought Catalog
https://thoughtcatalog.com/susan-hilger/2021/06/how-to-open-your-heart-and-become-more-authentic/?ut…

5 Resource To Enrich Your Front end Skills - DEV Community
https://dev.to/rezaulkarim/5-resource-to-enrich-your-front-end-skills-38nk

CS50's Introduction to Game Development | Harvard University
https://online-learning.harvard.edu/course/cs50s-introduction-game-development?delta=0

Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/learn/mafash?aid=true

Modern and Contemporary Art and Design | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/modern-contemporary-art-design

Introduction to User Experience Design | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/learn/user-experience-design

Digital Design | edX
https://www.edx.org/course/digital-design

Programming Max: Structuring Interactive Software for Digital Arts - an online course at Kadenze
https://www.kadenze.com/courses/programming-max-structuring-interactive-software-for-digital-arts-i/…

Micro frontend: A Windows clone with micro apps - DEV Community
https://dev.to/mukuljainx/web-os-a-windows-clone-with-micro-frontend-capabilities-4dil

Prominent Data Science Certifications Provided By Large Tech Firms
https://analyticsindiamag.com/prominent-data-science-certifications-provided-by-large-tech-firms/

Building a Blog Project using JavaScript, NodeJS and MongoDB – Hackeradda
https://hackeradda.com/books/building-a-blog-project-using-javascript-nodejs-and-mongodb/

9 ways to build a side business without quitting your day job
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/12/08/9-ways-to-build-a-side-business-without-quitting-your-day-job.html?u…

Top 10 Benefits of Machine Learning in Businesses - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-benefits-of-machine-learning-in-businesses/

AI/ML Papers with Code Everywhere - CatalyzeX
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aiml-papers-with-code-eve/aikkeehnlfpamidigaffhfmgbkdeheil

3 React concepts I wish I knew when I started - DEV Community
https://dev.to/rubengabrielian/3-react-concepts-i-wish-i-knew-when-i-started-4bim

Microservices Architecture – Explained in Plain English
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/microservices-architecture-for-humans/amp/

Build serverless real-time chat application with Web PubSub and Static Web Apps - DEV Community
https://dev.to/azure/build-serveless-real-time-chat-application-with-web-pubsub-and-static-web-apps-…

How to Build Your Own Blockchain in NodeJS - DEV Community
https://dev.to/codesphere/how-to-build-your-own-blockchain-in-nodejs-3ijh

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/29e51066fb5b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

Free Resources To Prepare For TensorFlow Developer Certification
https://analyticsindiamag.com/free-resources-to-prepare-for-tensorflow-developer-certification/

How to Find Best Locations for your Restaurants with Python | by Khuyen Tran | Jun, 2021 | Towards D…
https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-find-best-locations-for-your-restaurants-with-python-b2fadc91c…

JSON Web Tokens (JWT) are Dangerous for User Sessions—Here’s a Solution | Redis Labs
https://redislabs.com/blog/json-web-tokens-jwt-are-dangerous-for-user-sessions/

A Complete Data Science Roadmap in 2021 | by Natassha Selvaraj | Jun, 2021 | Towards Data Science
https://towardsdatascience.com/a-complete-data-science-roadmap-in-2021-77a15d6be1d9

????? How I developed my portfolio for a month ?? + Demo ?? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/kerthin/how-i-developed-my-portfolio-for-a-month-demo-3ee7

www.infoworld.com
https://www.infoworld.com/article/3622914/deno-company-unveils-server-side-javascript-hosting-servic…

towardsdatascience.com
https://towardsdatascience.com/7-tips-on-how-to-jump-start-your-freelance-data-science-business-7109…

Advance your cybersecurity career with a Cisco Cybersecurity certification–for FREE!
https://mkto.cisco.com/cybersecurity-giveaway-2021.html?utm_campaign=ccid%3D004&utm_source=mediabuy&…

serengil/deepface: A Lightweight Deep Face Recognition and Facial Attribute Analysis (Age, Gender, E…
https://github.com/serengil/deepface

Which of these habits is keeping you from being a great communicator? |
https://ideas.ted.com/which-of-these-habits-are-keeping-you-from-being-a-great-communicator/?utm_cam…

Hugo Mercier: How can you change someone's mind? | TED Talk
https://www.ted.com/talks/hugo_mercier_how_can_you_change_someone_s_mind/up-next?utm_campaign=social…

Java Full Stack Developer: Pros and Cons | by Aditya Goswami | Jun, 2021 | Dev Genius
https://blog.devgenius.io/java-full-stack-developer-pros-and-cons-4d0f6737daa5

3 Books to read this Summer to boost your Coding Skills and Career | Towards Data Science
https://towardsdatascience.com/3-books-to-read-this-summer-to-boost-your-coding-skills-and-career-47…

5 GitHub Projects to make you a better DevOps Engineer ? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ankit01oss/5-github-projects-to-make-you-a-better-devops-engineer-2fkl

Why You Should Learn Regression Analysis Before Deep Learning | by Terence Shin | Jun, 2021 | Toward…
https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-learn-regression-analysis-before-deep-learning-a2ef1b3…

Finshots Daily | Podcast on Spotify
https://open.spotify.com/show/12jUp5Aa63c5BYx3wVZeMA

Building Cloud Computing Solutions at Scale | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/building-cloud-computing-solutions-at-scale

Build a social media website with Next JS, TailwindCss and Firebase in 8 days - DEV Community
https://dev.to/namanvyas/build-a-social-media-website-with-next-js-tailwindcss-and-firebase-in-8-day…

Why Emotionally Intelligent People Embrace the 25-5 Rule | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/justin-bariso/productive-emotional-intelligence-25-5-rule-how-to-achieve-more-fo…

How to create signature pad in html | signature pad JavaScript - DEV Community
https://dev.to/stackfindover/how-to-create-signature-pad-in-html-signature-pad-javascript-3866

Introduction to Next.JS - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ponikar/introduction-to-next-js-26c0

20+ Open Source Project for Beginners - DEV Community
https://dev.to/surajondev/beginners-guide-to-starting-your-open-source-journey-1bgb

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/cbaaaa69f502?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

5 GraphQL clients for JavaScript and Node.js - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/5-graphql-clients-for-javascript-and-node-js/

Looking For A Business Idea? Start With Your Purpose
https://www-entrepreneur-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/375832?amp_gsa=1&am…

11 JavaScript concepts to understand before you learn Reactjs - DEV Community
https://dev.to/thatanjan/11-javascript-concepts-to-understand-before-you-learn-reactjs-4f94

Proud to present you Fakeflix, a Netflix Clone built with React, Redux, Firebase & Framer Motion - D…
https://dev.to/th3wall/proud-to-present-you-fakeflix-a-netflix-clone-built-with-react-redux-firebase…

Dos and Don'ts for Virtual Interviews | Udacity
https://www.udacity.com/blog/2021/06/dos-and-donts-for-virtual-interviews.html

Top 10 Leading Universities for Quantum Computing Research
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-leading-universities-for-quantum-computing-research/

Coding Interview Backtracking Problems Crash Course – The Only One You'll Ever Need
https://www-freecodecamp-org.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.freecodecamp.org/news/coding-interview-backt…

Company | Gojek
https://www.linkedin.com/mwlite/company/gojek

26 important life lessons everyone should learn - Hack Spirit
https://hackspirit.com/life-lessons-everyone-should-learn/

Everything you need to know about JavaScript destructuring - DEV Community
https://dev.to/thatanjan/everything-you-need-to-know-about-javascript-destructuring-1gbi

The short list: 24 books, each under 200 pages, as recommended by TED speakers |
https://ideas.ted.com/the-short-list-24-books-under-200-pages-as-recommended-by-ted-speakers/?utm_so…

6 Most common AI & ML job interview questions you must prepare for | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/6-most-common-ai-ml-job-interview-questions-you-must-prepare-for/amp_art…

11 Examples Of Life Purpose Statements That You Could Adopt
https://www.aconsciousrethink.com/14552/life-purpose-statement-examples/?c=ACR

How to Learn Musical Instruments at Home—Without an Instructor - WSJ
https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-to-learn-musical-instruments-at-homewithout-an-instructor-116171243…

MongoDB Interview Questions and Answers For 2021 | Edureka
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.edureka.co/blog/mongodb-interview-questions-for-beginners-and-profe…

10 Indian Startups That Are Leading The AI Race: 2021
https://analyticsindiamag.com/10-indian-startups-that-are-leading-the-ai-race-2021/

This Delhi-based startup is building for a phygital future of shopping for Indians
https://yourstory.com/2021/07/delhi-based-startup-335bazaar-building-phygital-future-shopping/amp

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/6105e10920fe?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Chat inside of Terminal with NodeJS - DEV Community
https://dev.to/agorushkin/chat-inside-of-terminal-with-nodejs-2dbk

Basics of Javascript Test Driven Development (TDD) with Jest - DEV Community
https://dev.to/pat_the99/basics-of-javascript-test-driven-development-tdd-with-jest-o3c

I just completed 3 years as a designer. Here are 9 crucial things I learned! | by Mehek Kapoor | Jul…
https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/i-just-completed-3-years-as-a-designer-here-are-9-crucial-things-i-lear…

Dispatch from Bangalore – TechCrunch
https://techcrunch.com/2021/07/06/indian-startups-fundraise-spree/amp/

Data Science | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/jhu-data-science

Applied Data Science with Python | Coursera
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-python

Building a Next.js shopping cart app - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/building-a-next-js-shopping-cart-app/

Collections - JenLooper-2911 | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/users/jenlooper-2911/collections/k7o7tg1gp306q4?WT.mc_id=academic-1…

Build a location analytics reporting API in Node.js - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/build-a-location-analytics-api-in-node-js/

Build Your Own Feature Toggle with Next.js and React in Under 30 Minutes
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-feature-toggles-in-next-js-and-react/amp/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Authenticate your Next.js application using Auth0 - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/authenticate-your-next-js-application-using-auth0/

Why Do Introverts Love Being Alone? Here's the Science
https://introvertdear.com/news/introverts-alone-time-science-marti-olsen-laney?utm_campaign=coschedu…

9 Parenting Mistakes That Could Destroy Your Child’s Self-Esteem – Awareness Act
https://awarenessact.com/9-parenting-mistakes-that-could-be-destroying-your-childrens-self-esteem/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Cloud DevJam: Learn Google Cloud fundamentals - Core Infrastructure | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/cloud-devjam-learn-google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure/amp_art…

Impress hiring managers by presenting your React projects like a pro - Part 2 - DEV Community
https://dev.to/profydev/impress-hiring-managers-by-presenting-your-react-projects-like-a-pro-part-2-…

Recommendation Engine Bootcamp with 3 Capstone Projects Udemy Free Download
https://freecoursesite.com/recommendation-engine-bootcamp-with-3-capstone-projects/?__cf_chl_jschl_t…

Build an outstanding portfolio with these 3 React project ideas - Part 3 - DEV Community
https://dev.to/profydev/build-an-outstanding-portfolio-with-these-3-react-project-ideas-part-3-eii

Top 10 Front-End Web Development Projects For Beginners - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-front-end-web-development-projects-for-beginners/

4 JavaScript Projects To Build FAST And Get Hired In 1 Month - DEV Community
https://dev.to/devpool3000/4-javascript-projects-to-build-fast-and-get-hired-in-1-month-4agf

Building JavaScript Frameworks to Conquer eCommerce - DEV Community
https://dev.to/this-is-learning/building-javascript-frameworks-to-conquer-ecommerce-3glc

10 minutes to pandas — pandas 1.3.0 documentation
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/10min.html

guipsamora/pandas_exercises: Practice your pandas skills!
https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises

stefmolin/pandas-workshop: A 3-hour introductory workshop on pandas with notebooks and exercises for…
https://github.com/stefmolin/pandas-workshop

untitled
https://blog.logrocket.com/dark-mode-in-react-an-in-depth-guide/

Best Top 3 Themes for VSCODE - DEV Community
https://dev.to/official_fire/best-top-3-themes-for-vscode-12lk

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Million.js - The Future of Virtual DOM - DEV Community
https://dev.to/aidenybai/million-js-the-future-of-virtual-dom-1e6d

How to Become a Successful CEO, According to Google's Sundar Pichai
https://www-businessinsider-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.businessinsider.com/advice-success-ceo-co…

Building a VR app with React 360 - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/building-a-vr-app-with-react-360/

Create a serverless book library app with HarperDB and Gatsbyjs - Hashnode
https://blog-greenroots-info.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/blog.greenroots.info/amp/create-a-serverless-boo…

Implementing Smooth Scroll Using Javascript ? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/rohank_2502/implementing-smooth-scroll-using-javascript-28n3

Machine-learning algorithms used to detect Alzheimer's during phone conversations
https://medicalxpress-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/medicalxpress.com/news/2021-07-machine-learning-alg…

Top 5 Data Science Projects to Boost Your Resume Instantly
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-5-data-science-projects-to-boost-your-resume-instantly/

2 Shares To Buy For Long Term For Gains Up To 63% By HDFC Securities - Goodreturns
https://www.goodreturns.in/amphtml/personal-finance/investment/2-shares-to-buy-for-long-term-for-gai…

How Do I Know If I Have a Great Business Idea?
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/377302

Top 7 Open Source Projects For Beginners To Explore - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-7-open-source-projects-for-beginners-to-explore/

ipo: 10 things you must do before buying an IPO, but nobody tells you about them - The Economic Time…
https://m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/10-things-you-must-do-before-buying-an-ipo-but-nobod…

How Co-Founders Without Tech Backgrounds Built an Enormously Successful Custom Platform
https://www-entrepreneur-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/377263?amp_gsa=1&am…

Five Advanced Git Concepts that Make You Look Like a Pro
https://livecodestream.dev/post/five-advanced-git-concepts-that-make-you-look-like-a-pro/

Game of Thrones: Who Was The Three-Eyed Raven? Targaryen Theory Explained
https://screenrant-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/screenrant.com/game-thrones-three-eyed-raven-brynden-r…

Clean Science and Technology IPO Allotment Status: How to Check Share allotment status Online here
https://indianexpress-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/indianexpress.com/article/business/market/clean-sci…

Customizing Soft Robots in a Universal Way
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/customizing-soft-robots-in-a-universal-way/

Why Zomato IPO is reason for cheer
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/not-categorized/why-zomato-ipo-is-reason-for-cheer/

Journey of a web page ???- How browsers work - DEV Community
https://dev.to/gitpaulo/journey-of-a-web-page-how-browsers-work-10co

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/da787bb1a928?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/ceb51353ac2d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/2b514acfff36?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Indian Students Create Soil-Less Farming Technique That Uses 95% Less Water
https://www.indiatimes.com/technology/news/no-soil-hydroponic-farming-technique-teri-school-543793.h…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/7000a8a6a894?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/c31ed30cad6f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

French Parenting: Why French Children Are So Well-Behaved | Reader's Digest
https://www.rd.com/list/french-parenting/?trkid=soc-rd-facebook

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/95c8330a15cb?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Integrate your React App with Smart Contracts - DEV Community
https://dev.to/nazeeh21/integrate-your-react-app-with-smart-contracts-4o3m

Coding Interview Backtracking Problems Crash Course – The Only One You'll Ever Need
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/coding-interview-backtracking-problems-crash-course/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/908471c12e48?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/92cfaad6628f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Masters Degrees | SPS
https://www.sps.nyu.edu/homepage/academics/masters-degrees.html?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=paids…

Jobs | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2653505091/?referenceId=ByteString%28length%3D16%2Cbytes%3D3c6505…

Jobs | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2646743641/?referenceId=ByteString%28length%3D16%2Cbytes%3Db2de55…

Jobs | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/

The Best SOTA NLP Course is Free! - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/07/best-sota-nlp-course-free.html

Google’s Director of Research Advice for Learning Data Science - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/07/google-advice-learning-data-science.html

Planning to study abroad? These are some of the universities that offer a free education for interna…
https://www.businessinsider.in/education/news/these-are-some-of-the-universities-that-offer-free-edu…

FullStack React - Code Examples to start fast - DEV Community
https://dev.to/sm0ke/fullstack-react-code-examples-to-start-fast-2o38

Integrate your React App with Smart Contracts - DEV Community
https://dev.to/nazeeh21/integrate-your-react-app-with-smart-contracts-4o3m

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/094e5d0b96d4?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Design Thread (@designthread.in) • Instagram photos and videos
https://www.instagram.com/designthread.in/

Study in Canada for FREE - Masterclass for International Students
https://maxmedyk.podia.com/studyincanadaforfreemasterclass

peoples will in greek translation - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=peoples+will+in+greek+translation&client=ms-android-samsung&sxsrf=AL…

The dawn of Quantum computing - Telegraph India
https://www.telegraphindia.com/amp/opinion/the-dawn-of-quantum-computing/cid/1823120

Text Operations in Python | Must-Know Text Operations in Python for NLP
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/07/must-know-text-operations-in-python-before-you-dive-int…

Email - Shah, Darshan - Outlook
https://outlook.office.com/mail/inbox

Men | Takshudi
https://takshudi.com/collections/men?sorting_type=topseller&page_number=2

fast api python - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=fast+api+python&oq=fast+api+&aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l4.17675j0j7&client…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/2d1c5911781c?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/30b2ec1cf29c?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/6500f7afd5ec?f=5c224490c513a556c9042463

How to start your open source journey with UNICEF? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/rachita_saha/how-to-start-your-open-source-journey-with-unicef-2hd

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/360db5de8ae3?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Programmers That Don't Blog Should Start Right Now - DEV Community
https://dev.to/adriantwarog/programmers-that-don-t-blog-should-start-right-now-295c

Steve Jobs' former assistant on what he did to be 'most productive'
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/05/27/steve-jobs-former-assistant-on-what-he-did-to-be-most-productive.htm…

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/24daecc8d3ed?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Top 6 VS Code Extensions to Organise Your Code - DEV Community
https://dev.to/alexomeyer/top-6-vs-code-extensions-to-organise-your-code-3mbi

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/d07015950845?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/24daecc8d3ed?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Udacity Reinvents Autonomous Vehicle Education Again With New Iteration Of Iconic Program | Markets …
https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/udacity-reinvents-autonomous-vehicle-education-again…

JavaScript Best Practices (w/ GitHub Repo) - DEV Community
https://dev.to/menard_codes/javascript-best-practices-w-github-repo-4j6p

Challenges and how to overcome them ft. Khanjan Desai, Senior PM at PayPal - How to Product? | Podca…
https://open.spotify.com/episode/7wW2Yi1LbqUYcKGyoyQ7G8?si=pb4wkHIrSlmVP7KJjQTqJA&dl_branch=1&nd=1&u…

Open-Speech-EkStep/vakyansh-models: Open source speech to text models for Indic Languages
https://github.com/Open-Speech-EkStep/vakyansh-models

Open-Speech-EkStep/vakyansh-wav2vec2-experimentation at v2-hydra
https://github.com/Open-Speech-EkStep/vakyansh-wav2vec2-experimentation/tree/v2-hydra

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/f6692871bc7c?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/02b428a06467?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/24d30f5fa442?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/7ff7f02e8753?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Social Network for Programmers and Developers
https://morioh.com/p/749710b2c510?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Data-Centric AI Competition
https://https-deeplearning-ai.github.io/data-centric-comp/

If you want to take on big problems, try thinking like a bee |
https://ideas.ted.com/if-you-want-to-tackle-big-problems-try-thinking-like-a-bee/?utm_medium=social&…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/67b57171495b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

The Million.js Manifesto - DEV Community
https://dev.to/aidenybai/the-million-js-manifesto-1ipg

Age and Gender Detection Using Deep Learning - Analytics Vidhya
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/07/age-and-gender-detection-using-deep-learning/

Developer community programs | Professionals
https://developers.google.com/community/gdg

Sign Up - Space Apps Challenge | 2021
https://2021.spaceappschallenge.org/auth/signup/

Build Real-World Data Science Skills in Our Global AI Projects | Omdena
https://omdena.com/projects/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=August+high-impact+…

Stanford Researchers Put Deep Learning On A Data Diet
https://analyticsindiamag.com/stanford-researchers-deep-learning-with-less-data/

Build a React autocomplete component from scratch - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/build-react-autocomplete-component/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/6051fedc94cc?f=5e5f344de14d062e5d8272a6

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/9b33f18208c7?f=5e200f08d7fb6e07103762dd

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/003bf94845b2?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Deploy Your freeCodeCamp Project on AWS – A Beginner's Guide to the Cloud
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-deploy-your-freecodecamp-project-on-aws/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/b4cfd774b5dc?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/6cd5d37b0d37

31 Front-End Development Study Topics to Improve Your Code Quality - DEV Community
https://dev.to/twinfred/28-front-end-development-study-topics-to-improve-your-code-quality-3mh9

20+ Best React UI Component Libraries / Frameworks for 2021
https://www.codeinwp.com/blog/react-ui-component-libraries-frameworks/

??20 Best CSS3 Library For Developers. - DEV Community
https://dev.to/chetan_atrawalkar/20-best-css3-library-for-developers-58p

Understanding Sorting Algorithms
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/understanding-sorting-algorithms/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/9e65bdf0acc3?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Free API Servers - Open-source REST products: Django, Node JS, Flask - DEV Community
https://dev.to/sm0ke/free-api-servers-open-source-rest-products-3nfm

An online course by David Perell
https://writeofpassage.school/?aff=aliabdaal

How to create youtube clone. Youtube clone with HTML, CSS, JS. - DEV Community
https://dev.to/kunaal438/create-working-youtube-clone-with-search-box-youtube-api-2a6e

How create ?? React Swiper Slider - easy tutorial ????? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/kerthin/how-create-react-swiper-slider-easy-tutorial-51il

Discount Auto Parts Online - Domestic, Import Car Parts Warehouse
https://www.partsgeek.com/

Learn How to Create a Design System in Figma
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-how-to-create-a-design-system-in-figma/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/ae81e86acf22?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/bc28fb92a701?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/8da79bf808fd?f=5e44c59998b8037d03aa8178

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/d9eaa2826235

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/6e9a5b82933e?f=60bd8a83ada9787fd4758c18

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/b22194f48df7?f=603c719d1528b00f7934320a

Next.js E-Commerce Tutorial: SPA Example - DEV Community
https://dev.to/pierreguillaumelaurin/next-js-e-commerce-tutorial-spa-example-2mf9

Headless CMS Explained – What it is and When You Should Use it
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-headless-cms-explained/

Neakers UI Design on Behance
https://www.behance.net/gallery/124521605/Neakers-UI-Design

The Proper Geoarbitrage Strategy: Your City, Your Country, The World
https://www.financialsamurai.com/the-proper-geoarbitrage-strategy/

13 Freelance Developer Portfolios to Inspire You
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/13-awesome-freelance-developer-portfolios/

georgegognadze/awesome-resources: Awesome coding resources for all stages and ages
https://github.com/georgegognadze/awesome-resources

Add and remove data to table - React - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51919115/add-and-remove-data-to-table-react

Build a React App with Authorization and Authentication - DEV Community
https://dev.to/aspittel/build-a-react-app-with-authorization-and-authentication-1mha

ZacksAmber/Udacity-AWS-Machine-Learning
https://github.com/ZacksAmber/Udacity-AWS-Machine-Learning

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

GRE POWERPREP Practice Tests (For Test Takers)
https://www.ets.org/gre/revised_general/prepare/powerprep?utm_campaign=mym&utm_source=GT-B2C-Q321-47…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/b3e12deb61f9?f=5e3b965bc03635020c1aa4bb

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/283c7374f247?f=5e44c59998b8037d03aa8178

Boost Your Programming Skills by Reading Git's Code
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/boost-programming-skills-read-git-code/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/d5b0fb0011d1?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/81e621d695c5?f=60dd8c81a419517fcdeaa087

Improving microservice architecture with GraphQL API gateways - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/improve-microservice-architecture-graphql-api-gateways/

Server-side A/B testing with Node.js - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/server-side-a-b-testing-node-js/

Don’t buy the ‘big data’ hype, says cofounder of Google Brain – Fortune
https://fortune.com/2021/07/30/ai-adoption-big-data-andrew-ng-consumer-internet/amp/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

4 'Unproductive' Habits That Make You More Productive
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/376925

Checkmate for The Professor to Gandia’s appearance: Money Heist 5 trailer’s 5 key takeaways | Entert…
https://indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/web-series/money-heist-5-trailer-takeaways-plot-new-…

It Worked for Steve Jobs: Here's Why Spirituality is Critical for Entrepreneurial Success
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/376117

5 Ways to Work Smarter, Not Harder, to Make Your Side Hustle a Huge Success
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/378631

5 Cool Web Scraping Tools To collect Data For Your Next Project!
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/08/5-cool-web-scraping-tools-to-collect-data-for-your-next…

Top Machine Learning Online Courses Exclusively for You in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-machine-learning-online-courses-exclusively-for-you-in-2021/

How to Code a Playable Synth Keyboard | CSS-Tricks
https://css-tricks.com/how-to-code-a-playable-synth-keyboard/

resume fails: 10 sure shot reasons your resume will get rejected - The Economic Times
https://m.economictimes.com/wealth/earn/10-sure-shot-reasons-your-resume-will-get-rejected/amp_artic…

A tactile sensing mechanism for soft robotic fingers
https://techxplore.com/news/2021-08-tactile-mechanism-soft-robotic-fingers.amp

Opinion: What India Can Learn From China About Elon Musk And Tesla
https://www.ndtv.com/opinion/opinion-you-wont-see-teslas-in-india-anytime-soon-2502059?amp=1&akamai-…

What are the benefits of using Angular? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/kuncevic/what-are-the-benefits-of-using-angular-5840

Meet Pratilipi, the content startup shaping the future of reading, writing and publishing
https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/startup/meet-pratilipi-the-content-startup-shaping-the-fu…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/3d40d4580a81?f=608f9b0219cd597fbd1aacc0

Business Landing Page Templates | TemplateMonster
https://www.templatemonster.com/category/business-landing-page-templates/?utm_source=linkedin&utm_me…

Looking for work? Here’s how to write a résumé that an AI will love.
https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/08/04/1030509/job-search-how-write-resume-ai-artificial-intell…

Learn the FARM Stack! (FastAPI, React, MongoDB)
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-the-farm-stack-fastapi-reactjs-mongodb/

How Do Wealthy People Get Away With Not Paying Their 'Fair Share' of Taxes?
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/378445

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/2533298a539f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Learn Machine Learning – Tips and Resources to Learn ML the Practical Way
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-learn-machine-learning-practical-tips-and-resources/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/891a51c746c4?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

10 Best Cloud Computing Project Ideas - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/10-best-cloud-computing-project-ideas/

6 Steps to Improve Your LinkedIn Account to Land your Dream Career — Max Up
https://www.themaxup.com/resources/linkedin-101-guide

The Ultimate Guide To Social Recruiting
https://www.hackerearth.com/blog/talent-assessment/social-recruiting/

Four Data Science Projects to Make a Strong Portfolio
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/four-data-science-projects-to-make-a-strong-portfolio/

How Airbnb and Twitter Cut Back on Microservice Complexities – The New Stack
https://thenewstack.io/how-airbnb-and-twitter-cut-back-on-microservice-complexities/

Entrepreneurship for Engineers: Open Source Business Models – The New Stack
https://thenewstack.io/entrepreneurship-for-engineers-open-source-business-models/

Thrasio model: The new mantra in the Indian startup ecosystem - BusinessToday
https://www.businesstoday.in/amp/latest/corporate/story/thrasio-model-the-new-mantra-in-the-indian-s…

ericz619/blog-app-client
https://github.com/ericz619/blog-app-client

ericz619/blog-app-server: YouTube Series - creating a fullstack graphql reactjs blog application
https://github.com/ericz619/blog-app-server

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Deno: The next step in Node.js - DEV Community
https://dev.to/siddharthshyniben/deno-the-next-step-in-node-js-ij1

40+ Node.js Integration Test Best Practices
https://morioh.com/p/7c95f8d606d2?f=5cb7d89d660c8335951ca454

Build and Deploy a Travel Advisor App with React and Google Maps
https://morioh.com/p/4f27b53fa951?f=5c64f529b118c22d9c49933c

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

8 Projects you should make to take your React Game to the next level - DEV Community
https://dev.to/shubhracodes/8-projects-you-should-make-to-take-your-react-game-to-the-next-level-11p…

Your resume matters: 3 Pro-tips to make your resume stand out! | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/your-resume-matters-3-pro-tips-to-make-your-resume-stand-out/amp_article…

5 Best YouTube Channels on Machine Learning
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/5-best-youtube-channels-on-machine-learning/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Reshot | Free icons, illustrations & photos [no attribution]
https://www.reshot.com/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=influencer_youtube_referral&utm_campaign=punit…

UI/UX Assets - Courses, UI Kits, Wireframe Kits, HTML Templates and Themes to boost your work.
https://uiuxassets.com/

Doodlicons
https://www.notion.so/Doodlicons-519314a92ed3474093a10e44946bbb72

Design and Development Videos - Apple Developer
https://developer.apple.com/videos/

Templates | Maze
https://maze.co/templates/

Figmaster | Design systems workbook for Figma
https://www.figmaster.co/

Free Mockup Generator
https://www.pixeltrue.com/mockup-generator

What Could Make Quantum Computing Easy to Explain? | by Chris Ferrie | Aug, 2021 | Medium
https://csferrie.medium.com/what-could-make-quantum-computing-easy-to-explain-647599468c4c

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/f122a5fe6239?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/47e9ae322102?f=5c3ea864f086a2551bfd2d43

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

5 Types Of Cryptocurrency Entrepreneurs Should Know About - Investment.Ceo
https://investment.ceo/5-types-of-cryptocurrency-entrepreneurs-should-know-about/

ThinamXx/Fastai: I will implement Fastai in each projects present in this repository.
https://github.com/ThinamXx/Fastai

300Days__MachineLearningDeepLearning/README.md at main · ThinamXx/300Days__MachineLearningDeepLearni…
https://github.com/ThinamXx/300Days__MachineLearningDeepLearning/blob/main/README.md

ThinamXx (Thinam Tamang)
https://github.com/ThinamXx

untitled
https://dev.to/krtirtho/nestjs-the-framework-of-nodejs-part-1-gl7

These 12 cities pay software engineers the most - Business Insider India
https://www.businessinsider.in/tech/news/these-12-cities-pay-software-engineers-the-most/amp_article…

How To Ace Data Science Hackathons
https://analyticsindiamag.com/how-to-ace-data-science-hackathons/

7 Most Demanding Agri-Business Ideas
https://krishijagran.com/agripedia/7-most-demanding-agri-business-ideas/?amp=1

Cracking the code: Learn the new lingo of robotics - Hindustan Times
https://www.hindustantimes.com/lifestyle/art-culture/cracking-the-code-learn-the-new-lingo-of-roboti…

Artificial Intelligence in India: 5 Reasons to Make AI More Accessible
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/artificial-intelligence-in-india-5-reasons-to-make-ai-more-accessib…

Ex-Navy Man Uses Hydroponics to Start a Turmeric Revolution in Grow Bags, Gets 8 Times Higher Yield
https://www.thebetterindia.com/260107/navy-cv-prakash-how-to-grow-bags-turmeric-hydroponics-soil-les…

Has India Tech’s Golden Decade Arrived? - A Junior VC
https://ajuniorvc.com/india-startup-tech-upi-jio-infosys-flipkart-gold-decade/

How next-gen agri-techniques could deliver multi-fold productivity gains and combat hunger in India
https://yourstory.com/2021/07/next-gen-agri-techniques-combat-hunger-india/amp

Top Interview Questions for Backend Developers(Node) - DEV Community
https://dev.to/abhishekraj272/top-interview-questions-for-backend-developers-node-2133

Bitcoin Beach Experiment: World's Biggest Bitcoin Experiment Is A Surf Town In El Salvador
https://www.ndtv.com/business/bitcoin-beach-experiment-worlds-biggest-bitcoin-experiment-is-a-surf-t…

How to Use Google Colab with VS Code
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-google-colab-with-vs-code/amp/

The Large, Small, and Dynamic Viewports | CSS-Tricks
https://css-tricks.com/the-large-small-and-dynamic-viewports/

Top 7 Free Datasets Sources to Use for Data Science Projects
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-7-free-datasets-sources-to-use-for-data-science-projects/

The Frontend Agency - DEV Community
https://dev.to/madsstoumann/the-frontend-agency-3pfa

A potentially $7.6 billion industry is short of talent and these courses could help bag those jobs |…
https://www.businessinsider.in/careers/news/top-online-courses-for-ethical-hacking-jobs-in-cyber-sec…

How technology is enabling? smart farming
https://www.livemint.com/industry/agriculture/how-technology-is-enabling-smart-farming/amp-116280067…

How to Create Public And Private Routes using React Router - DEV Community
https://dev.to/nilanth/how-to-create-public-and-private-routes-using-react-router-72m

Why Is Federated Learning Getting So Popular
https://analyticsindiamag.com/why-federated-learning-getting-so-popular/

In The Wild World Of Tech Hiring In India, Engineer Is Now King
https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/trends/in-the-wild-world-of-tech-hiring-in-india-engineer-is-now-k…

Launched during the pandemic, how this agritech startup onboarded one million farmers, over 50,000 r…
https://yourstory.com/2021/08/agritech-startup-nurture-farm-one-million-farmers-pandemic/amp

What I Look for When Hiring Senior Software Engineers - DEV Community
https://dev.to/thawkin3/what-i-look-for-when-hiring-senior-software-engineers-4a6j

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/84675e1c8282?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Git commit message convention that you can follow! - DEV Community
https://dev.to/i5han3/git-commit-message-convention-that-you-can-follow-1709

How to Build Your Own Empire Like Elon Musk
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/373845

13 Freelance Developer Portfolios to Inspire You
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/13-awesome-freelance-developer-portfolios/

Don't waste your time on a (React) portfolio website - 60+ hiring managers and a survey - DEV Commun…
https://dev.to/profydev/this-survey-among-60-hiring-managers-reveals-don-t-waste-your-time-on-a-reac…

5 Tips to Master the Art of Clean Code - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/5-tips-to-master-the-art-of-clean-code-57b6

The Right Mindset To Solve Complex Problems - DEV Community
https://dev.to/tomeraitz/the-right-mindset-to-solve-complex-problems-1gc6

This side hustler's 9 income streams bring in $5,000 to $7,000 per month
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/07/25/this-side-hustlers-9-income-streams-bring-in-5000-to-7000-per-month.…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/61df232e568b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/e3184a7896d5?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/d63a2c361f41?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/20d20ce34886?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/040bb01927ba?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

9 Simple Ways to Transform Your Morning Routine and Boost Productivity
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/378331

The 7 types of rest that every person needs |
https://ideas.ted.com/the-7-types-of-rest-that-every-person-needs/?utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_mediu…

5 YouTubers That Helped Me Break Into Data Science | by Navid Mashinchi | Aug, 2021 | Towards Data S…
https://towardsdatascience.com/5-youtubers-that-helped-me-break-into-data-science-3bff12fc6b7f

The page you were looking for doesn't exist (404)
https://dev.to/nikhil27b/what-is-good-project-as-frontend-developer-4k9l

Can AI Replace Lawyers? Researchers Say Machine Learning Can Help Predict Summary Judgment Outcomes …
https://gadgets.ndtv.com/apps/news/ai-artificial-intelligence-machine-learning-ml-replace-lawyers-so…

12 Cities in the world where software engineers are paid the highest | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/12-cities-in-the-world-where-software-engineers-are-paid-the-highest/amp…

The future lies in building a safer food system using agritech
https://yourstory.com/2021/07/future-lies-building-safer-food-system-agritech/amp

Prompt-based learning can make language models more capable | VentureBeat
https://venturebeat.com/2021/08/04/prompt-based-learning-can-make-language-models-more-capable/amp/

Indian Coastal Towns: Gorgeous coastal towns to visit in India | Times of India Travel
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/travel/destinations/gorgeous-coastal-towns-to-visit-in-india/amp…

8 Overlooked Things That Hamper Productivity (and How to Avoid Them)
https://www.makeuseof.com/overlooked-things-that-hamper-productivity-how-to-avoid/amp/

These Indian cities likely to go three feet underwater by century-end - SCIENCE News
https://www.indiatoday.in/amp/science/story/ipcc-climate-report-coastal-cities-in-india-sea-level-ri…

How to Grow Beetroots in Pots at Home: Gardener Shows in 10 Simple Steps
https://www.thebetterindia.com/260272/how-to-grow-organic-beetroots-home-pots-bengaluru-gardener/amp…

How fintech startup Multipl helps people get married or plan their dream vacation by saving and inve…
https://yourstory.com/2021/08/fintech-startup-multipl-helps-people-save-invest-mutual-funds/amp

Making Horizontal Mouse Scrolling With HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ismailisimba/making-horizontal-mouse-scrolling-with-html-css-and-javascript-3n2i

Coursera plans to share wealth as university partners add online programs
https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2021/08/10/coursera-plans-share-wealth-university-partners-add-o…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/8c17aafa89e1?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Fullstack (Nodejs + Reactjs) interview experience at Nutanix - DEV Community
https://dev.to/learnersbucket/fullstack-nodejs-reactjs-interview-experience-at-nutanix-403i

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/b44ccd92cc93?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/5f97f67a420f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/acc7ce10bf22?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/20fe6497c8af?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/ba5c0f01e4ef?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/43bcbd81a287?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/786e1a3b92d5?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/f24727c4e90b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Buy Superhero Merchandise - Tshirts, Jackets, Shorts & Shirts | The Souled Store
https://www.thesouledstore.com/tags/superheroes?page=1&filters=sort%7C%7CPRICE_L2H%7C%7C%7Cprice%7C%…

React Native Taxi App: Booking Information. Places API - DEV Community
https://dev.to/cecheverri4/react-native-taxi-app-booking-information-24op

SQLBolt - Learn SQL - Introduction to SQL
https://sqlbolt.com/

About Analytics Training | SQL Analytics Training - Mode
https://mode.com/sql-tutorial/sql-business-analytics-training/

30 SQL and Database Design Questions From Data Science Interviews At Top Tech Companies | NickSingh.…
https://www.nicksingh.com/posts/30-sql-and-database-design-questions-from-real-data-science-intervie…

Why those who believe in the ancient civilisations of South Asia must read Robert Calasso’s books
https://amp.scroll.in/article/1002720/why-those-who-believe-in-the-ancient-civilisations-of-south-as…

AR, VR, And Other Ways Of Controlling Robots | VR and Robotics |
https://www.allerin.com/blog/ar-vr-and-other-ways-of-controlling-robots

soumik12345/colorization-using-optimization: Python and C++ implementations of a user-guided image/v…
https://github.com/soumik12345/colorization-using-optimization

The Unlimited Potential Of AI In Genomic Diagnostics
https://www.allerin.com/blog/the-unlimited-potential-of-ai-in-genomic-diagnostics

Information - Electroworld - Checkout
https://electraworld.in/58907394197/checkouts/5c26481b17e9f333c17770db3cd50dc2

Five truly wireless earbuds with ANC that cost less than the AirPods Pro | Technology News,The India…
https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/gadgets/five-truly-wireless-earbuds-that-cost-lesser-th…

My FrontEnd Interview Experience At Razorpay - DEV Community
https://dev.to/anuraghazra/my-frontend-interview-experience-at-razorpay-29bo

7 most common web design mistakes according to psychology - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/7-web-design-mistakes-psychology/

Top 6 Time Wastes as a Software Engineer - DZone DevOps
https://dzone.com/articles/top-time-wastes-as-a-software-engineer

8 Steps to Start a Small Business From Scratch
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/380518

10 things in tech you need to know today - Business Insider India
https://www.businessinsider.in/tech/news/10-things-in-tech-you-need-to-know-today/amp_articleshow/85…

The Entry To Understanding Quantum Computing | by Frank Zickert | Quantum Machine Learning | Aug, 20…
https://towardsdatascience.com/the-entry-to-understanding-quantum-computing-517f9d60f0fd

Dan Gartenberg: The brain benefits of deep sleep -- and how to get more of it | TED Talk
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_gartenberg_the_brain_benefits_of_deep_sleep_and_how_to_get_more_of_it/…

Windows 11 in React offers an appetizer on your web browser - SlashGear
https://www.slashgear.com/windows-11-in-react-offers-an-appetizer-on-your-web-browser-25688499/amp/

Learning Data Science and Machine Learning: First Steps - KDnuggets
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/08/learn-data-science-machine-learning.html

Real World AI: A Practical Guide to Responsible Machine Learning | Exclusive Offer from AppSumo
https://appsumo.com/products/real-world-ai/

My FrontEnd Interview Experience At Razorpay - DEV Community
https://dev.to/anuraghazra/my-frontend-interview-experience-at-razorpay-29bo

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/edd424054a4b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/ae1805451cfa?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/4041a462b581?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Top Online Autonomous Car Courses to Take Up in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-online-autonomous-car-courses-to-take-up-in-2021/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Launch Your Own StartUp | Ankur Warikoo
https://courses.ankurwarikoo.com/launch-your-own-startup/

PS V1 – ga | Ankur Warikoo
https://courses.ankurwarikoo.com/public-speaking-ga/?gclid=CjwKCAjw4KyJBhAbEiwAaAQbE7E-33xqxTRWmFVnF…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

[Part 4/4] ?? Senior React Coding Interview, By A Professional React Developer ????? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/bettercodingacademy/part-4-4-senior-react-coding-interview-by-a-professional-react-de…

How A Bizarre Deal Jeff Bezos Made 15 Years Ago Inspired Me To Future-Proof My Company
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/378466

Turn An Idea Into A Billion Dollar Business - By Ritesh | Nas Academy
https://nasacademy.com/ritesh-agarwal/turn-an-idea-into-billion-dollar-business?utm_content=dynamic-…

5 Psychology-Backed Hacks That Train Your Brain to Be More Innovative
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/372740

How to Go From Incredibly Shy to Insanely Confident So Your Business Can Thrive
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/375183

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/10854504510a?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

6 Daily Habits That Will Make You Look Smarter and More Powerful | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/robin-camarote/6-essentials-to-looking-smart-and-exuding-executive-presence.html…

Elon Musk Just Explained How He's Solving Technology's Hardest Problem, and Almost Nobody Noticed | …
https://www.inc.com/jason-aten/elon-musk-just-explained-how-hes-solving-technologys-hardest-problem-…

The Biggest Misconception On Why Startups Fail | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcus-cook/the-biggest-misconception-on-why-startups-fail.html?cid=sf01002

Here's How to Tell Within 5 Minutes If Someone Will Be a Good Leader | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/heres-how-to-tell-within-5-minutes-if-someone-will-be-a-good-le…

If You're Practicing These 3 Leadership Habits Right Now, Your Skills Are Better Than You Think | In…
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/if-youre-practicing-these-3-leadership-habits-right-now-your-sk…

No Money? Here Are 4 Ways to Start a High-Growth Business With Zero Funding? -- ?and Start Turning a…
https://www.inc.com/joe-procopio/how-to-bootstrap-service-business.html?cid=sf01002

16 traits of critical thinkers that separate them from everyone else - Hack Spirit
https://hackspirit.com/traits-of-critical-thinkers/

Why You Should Become a Micro-Angel Investor (and How to Do It) | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/joan-westenberg/why-you-should-become-a-micro-angel-investor-and-how-to-do-it.ht…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

7 Books Successful People Read to Elevate Their Life | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/andrew-thomas/7-books-successful-people-read-to-elevate-their-life.html?cid=sf01…

The Brutal Truths That Helped These Entrepreneurs Build 3 of America's Fastest Growing Companies | I…
https://www.inc.com/minda-zetlin/inc-5000-winners-startups-honesty-brutal-truths-trove-wisely-yensa.…

Here's how the best teams run their meetings, according to CEO who is 'obsessed with productivity'
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/08/12/how-the-most-successful-teams-run-meetings-according-to-ceo-who-is-o…

Why the "IKEA Effect" Is Killing Your Entrepreneurial Dream
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/374584

How to Be Quiet and Fierce at the Same Time | Introvert, Dear
https://introvertdear.com/news/how-to-be-quiet-and-fierce-at-the-same-time/?utm_campaign=coschedule&…

3 Things That You Should Never Outsource | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/david-finkel/3-things-that-you-should-never-outsource.html?cid=sf01002

The New Notion API | Node.js Video Schedule Project
https://morioh.com/p/441bf446e640?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Next.js, Material UI, MongoDB Personal Dashboard - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ramonak/next-js-material-ui-mongodb-personal-dashboard-3i82

Top 100 Artificial Intelligence Startups to Lookout for in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-100-artificial-intelligence-startups-to-lookout-for-in-2021/

Developing A Course Recommender System using Python
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2021/08/developing-a-course-recommender-system-using-python/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

5 Critical Lessons I've Learned From Interviewing Over 100 Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/381295

5 Simple Steps to Start Your Side Hustle
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/381417

5 Must-have new-age elements on your technical resume | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/5-must-have-new-age-elements-on-your-technical-resume/amp_articleshow/85…

El Salvador’s Bitcoin experiment kicks off in less than a week — but the protests against the crypto…
https://www.businessinsider.in/cryptocurrency/news/el-salvadors-bitcoin-experiment-kicks-off-in-less…

Full MERN Website React Nodejs w/ GraphQL Tailwind and Docker From Zero To Deployment + GIVEAWAY
https://morioh.com/p/ea433d1e123f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Build a Responsive Website using React, Gatsby, and GraphQL
https://morioh.com/p/c30a3bf85dfa?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Ben Franklin and Jeff Bezos Agree This Is the Best Way to Maximize Your Intelligence | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/jeff-bezos-benjamin-franklin-intelligence-humility.html?cid=sf0…

Harvard researcher shares key skill of the future—that most people don't have
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/15/harvard-yale-researcher-future-success-is-not-a-specific-skill-its-a…

uxplanet.org
https://uxplanet.org/website-redesign-for-a-creative-design-agency-a-ux-case-study-c811ac92bd7

Amazon to host first-ever Career Day in India, over 8,000 direct jobs ready | Business Standard News
https://wap.business-standard.com/article/companies/amazon-to-host-first-ever-career-day-in-india-ov…

YouTube Recommendation System - Machine Learning Project with Source Code - DataFlair
https://data-flair.training/blogs/youtube-video-recommendation-system-ml/amp/

Follow these Strategies to Win a Machine Learning Hackathon
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/follow-these-strategies-to-win-a-machine-learning-hackathon/

Cryptocurrency isn’t for everyone — but here’s how some are using digital tokens to make money | Bus…
https://www.businessinsider.in/investment/news/seven-ways-you-can-make-money-with-cryptocurrency/amp…

Karnataka govt retracts WFH advisory for IT companies along Bengaluru ORR after backlash
https://www.firstpost.com/india/karnataka-govt-retracts-wfh-advisory-for-it-companies-along-bengalur…

Adoption of Sanskrit by NASA Aims to Change the Language Gap
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/adoption-of-sanskrit-by-nasa-aims-to-change-the-language-gap/

Amazon Retail Launches Agronomy Services for Farmers in India
https://krishijagran.com/agriculture-world/amazon-retail-launches-agronomy-services-for-farmers-in-i…

Manish Sabharwal and TV Mohandas Pai write: From legs to minds
https://indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/india-entrepreneurs-business-economy-7485550/lite/

Get a grip on your investments before the 'Money Heist'!
https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/trends/get-a-grip-on-your-investments-before-the-money-heist-today…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Amazon to hire 8000 professionals via its first-ever Career Day in India on September 16 | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/amazon-to-hire-8000-professionals-via-its-first-ever-career-day-in-india…

How to make instagram clone using HTML, CSS. Fully responsive. - DEV Community
https://dev.to/kunaal438/how-to-make-instagram-clone-using-html-css-fully-responsive-49co

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

How to Use Figma to Design Websites
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-figma-to-design-websites/amp/

6 Habits That Help Successful People Maximize Their Time
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/378890

Turn An Idea Into A Billion Dollar Business - By Ritesh | Nas Academy
https://nasacademy.com/ritesh-agarwal/turn-an-idea-into-billion-dollar-business?gclid=CjwKCAjwj8eJBh…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

GitHub - noahgift/datastorying-colab: This is a repo for telling a story with data
https://github.com/noahgift/datastorying-colab

How to set up email-validation in React
https://morioh.com/p/7747be224b10?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

8 Books That Will Make You a Stronger Leader | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/ilya-pozin/8-books-that-will-make-you-a-stronger-leader.html?cid=sf01002

untitled
https://nasacademy.com/checkout?type=bundle&bundleSlug=six-in-one-bundle&bundleAction=create&step=en…

ReactJS Roadmap for Developers
https://morioh.com/p/20bd5ec9d23f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Build and Deploy a Progressive Web Apps (PWA) using React.js
https://morioh.com/p/cc9488aa9708?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Get Your Resume Noticed (And Out of the Trash Bin)
https://hbr.org/2020/09/how-to-get-your-resume-noticed-and-out-of-the-trash-bin?utm_medium=social&ut…

The $0 Marketing Strategy That Built an $11 Billion Dollar Business | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/kelly-main/the-0-marketing-strategy-that-built-an-11-billion-dollar-business.htm…

Rabindra Mishra (@RabindraMishra) / Twitter
https://mobile.twitter.com/RabindraMishra

Changing Course: Nation Above Notion - Rabindra Mishra
https://rabindramishra.com/6103/

The Top 6 Courses to Learn UX Design
https://www.makeuseof.com/courses-learn-ux-design/amp/

10 Powerful Books That Will Change How You See the World | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/benjamin-p-hardy/10-books-that-can-change-how-you-see-the-world.html?cid=sf01002…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

How an Ecommerce Company Went From Unicorn to Small Fish
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/375408

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

16 Ways to Gallery React Components for Developers
https://morioh.com/p/0aaee186b68d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Build an Android News App with React Native and Native Base
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-an-android-news-app-with-react-native-and-native-base/

Understanding Low Level Design of booking services platform like BookMyShow | Scaler
https://www.scaler.com/event/understanding-low-level-design-of-bookmyshow/?utm_source=ads&utm_medium…

Self-Awareness Is the Key to Making Good Decisions | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/debra-roberts/self-awareness-is-key-to-making-good-decisions.html?cid=sf01002

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

How to Monitor Machine Learning Projects on Your Mobile Device??
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-monitor-ml-projects-on-mobile-devices/

Cardano's Cryptocurrency Could Become the Most Valuable in the Cyber World
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/383808

Three Simple Truths That Will Make or Break Your Business and Fitness Goals
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/373457

Elon Musk Just Explained How He Thinks About Sleep, and So Should You | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/minda-zetlin/elon-musk-sleep-hours-joe-rogan-experience-productivity-rest.html?c…

Contest | GeeksforGeeks Elite Batch Entrance Test
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/contest/geeksforgeeks-elite-batch-entrance-test/

Top Five Skills For Quantum Coding That Will Be In Demand, As Per IBM Experts
https://www.indiatimes.com/amp/technology/news/quantum-coding-top-5-skills-india-jobs-ibm-548748.htm…

How Artificial Intelligence can be your ladder to success in IT industry | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/how-artificial-intelligence-can-be-your-ladder-to-success-in-it-industry…

How to crack an Artificial Intelligence job interview | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/how-to-crack-an-artificial-intelligence-job-interview/amp_articleshow/85…

Apply for a summer 2022 internship with IBM Quantum | IBM Research Blog
https://research.ibm.com/blog/2022-quantum-internships

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Understanding Low Level Design of booking services platform like BookMyShow | Scaler
https://www.scaler.com/event/understanding-low-level-design-of-bookmyshow/?utm_source=ads&utm_medium…

These 7 job interview mistakes 'will instantly destroy a first impression,' says CEO of 20 years
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/07/27/never-make-these-job-interview-mistakes-that-will-instantly-destroy-…

10 highly effective communication habits to get what you want faster: Harvard work expert
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/18/use-these-highly-effective-communication-habits-to-get-what-you-want…

World Translation Month – Help Us Translate freeCodeCamp into Your Native Language
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/world-translation-month-event/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

This Is How Long It Really Takes for a Startup to Become an 'Overnight Success' | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/joe-procopio/this-is-how-long-it-really-takes-for-a-startup-to-become-an-overnig…

5 courses and books to improve yourself while you're stuck at home - Hack Spirit
https://hackspirit.com/courses-books-improve-yourself/

Here’s a safer way to invest in bitcoin and blockchain technology - MarketWatch
https://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/heres-a-safer-way-to-invest-in-bitcoin-and-blockchain-technolo…

These 4 Books Are an Entrepreneur's Best-Kept Secret | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/kelli-richards/these-4-books-are-an-entrepreneur-s-best-kept-secret.html?cid=sf0…

How to Gameplan Your Office Days: An Overachiever’s Guide to Hybrid Work - WSJ
https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-to-gameplan-your-office-days-an-overachievers-guide-to-hybrid-work-…

Steal These Business Superpowers From Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/376041

5 Interviews, 7 hours: Lessons From Not Getting A Big Tech Job Offer - DEV Community
https://dev.to/allthecode/5-interviews-7-hours-lessons-from-not-getting-a-big-tech-job-offer-12a4

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

How this entrepreneur built Vikram Solar, which is now making Rs 1,975 Cr annual revenue
https://yourstory.com/smbstory/vikram-solar-india-module-panel-business/amp

How To Identify A Toxic Culture Before Accepting A Job Offer
https://www.fastcompany.com/40476040/how-to-identify-a-toxic-culture-before-accepting-a-job-offer?ut…

Stop Expecting to Get Paid for Your Time
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/384194

Instagram
https://www.instagram.com/

Happy Engineers’ Day: Five Fun Things That Only Engineering Students Can Relate To
https://www.news18.com/amp/news/india/happy-engineers-day-five-fun-things-that-only-engineering-stud…

These Leadership Blunders From Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk Should Be a Warning to All Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/383376

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Building a Next.js Disney Clone with GraphCMS and GraphQL
https://morioh.com/p/b9c25319ffd5?f=5c40788900b061482f0a62f3

How to Become a Master at Talking to Strangers
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/375641

9 Little Habits Successful People Don't Waste Their Time On
https://www.aconsciousrethink.com/7099/habits-successful-people-dont-waste-time-on/?c=ACR

How to Answer “What Can You Bring to the Company?” | The Muse
https://www.themuse.com/advice/what-can-you-bring-to-the-company-interview-question-answer-example?u…

How to mint an NFT with JavaScript - DEV Community
https://dev.to/0xjepsen/how-to-mint-an-nft-with-javascript-2nci

How an Ecommerce Company Went From Unicorn to Small Fish
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/375408

Announcing Create Medusa App: One command for a full-stack headless e-commerce setup - DEV Community
https://dev.to/medusajs/announcing-create-medusa-app-one-command-for-a-full-stack-headless-e-commerc…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

3 Ways to Prevent Developer Burnout - DevOps.com
https://devops.com/3-ways-to-prevent-developer-burnout/amp/

15 Agritech Startups Tipped by 6 European VCs to Take Off
https://www.businessinsider.com/15-agriculture-tech-startups-vcs-take-off-2021-9

Can BuyHive Disrupt Procurement Space With Its Alibaba+UpWork Model
https://inc42.com/startups/can-buyhive-disrupt-the-global-procurement-space-with-its-alibabaupwork-m…

How to Measure and Improve Your Productivity: 5 Ways
https://www.makeuseof.com/measure-improve-your-productivity-ways/amp/

The Most Important First Step When Starting a Business
https://www.entrepreneur.com/amphtml/380278

Emotionally Intelligent Minds Know How to Bridge the Perspective Gap | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/justin-bariso/ford-vs-ferrari-how-to-negotiate-persuade-influence-emotional-inte…

ISRO Invites Applications from Students for Free Online Course on Basics of Geographical Information…
https://www.dqindia.com/isro-invites-applications-students-free-online-course-basics-geographical-in…

These Leadership Blunders From Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk Should Be a Warning to All Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/383376

9 Psychology Books Every Businessperson Should Read | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/9-psychology-books-every-business-person-should-read.html?cid=s…

Build and Deploy Cryptocurrency App with React and Redux
https://morioh.com/p/f17c699abf9a?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

TCS, Infosys & Other IT Firms On Aggressive Hiring Mode; Its Golden Time To Switch, Says Report
https://odishatv.in/news/jobs/tcs-infosys-other-it-firms-on-aggressive-hiring-mode-its-golden-time-t…

Ask a Startup Lawyer: Understanding Your BATNA (Best Alternative to a Negotiated Agreement)
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/380529

Salary Hike: India Inc likely to revert to pre-pandemic salary hikes - The Economic Times
https://m.economictimes.com/jobs/india-inc-likely-to-revert-to-pre-pandemic-salary-hikes/amp_article…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Why do Webdevs keep trying to kill REST? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/swyx/why-do-webdevs-keep-trying-to-kill-rest-j2j

on.inc.com
http://on.inc.com/1TGeUwE

Start a Juniper Networking Career
https://learningportal.juniper.net/juniper/user_activity_info.aspx?id=5798&utm_campaign=APAC_GAU_21Q…

Build Your First Decentralized Application (dApp) - Full Course
https://morioh.com/p/aa0a35b1995e?f=5cb7d89d660c8335951ca454

Blockchains Are the New App Stores
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/380855

Software Engineering is a Loser’s Game - DEV Community
https://dev.to/thawkin3/software-engineering-is-a-loser-s-game-2k20

Does Public Speaking Make You Nervous? Here Are 10 Secrets to Help You Pull It Off Like a Pro.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/385167

A Simple Image Slider Component for React.js
https://morioh.com/p/d3f22f7061f5?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

8 Steps to Delivering a Consistently Memorable Customer Experience | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/martin-zwilling/8-steps-to-delivering-a-consistently-memorable-customer-experien…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

You Can Clear UPSC CSE Without Coaching; Here's How I Did It: IAS Officer
https://www.thebetterindia.com/262621/upsc-cse-topper-ias-sarjana-yadav-prelims-coaching-hindu-notes…

10 Signs You're More Persuasive and Influential Than You Think | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jeff-haden/10-signs-youre-more-persuasive-influential-than-you-think.html?cid=sf…

5 Things To Do Instead of College
https://www.richdad.com/5-things-to-do-instead-of-college?feed=robert-kim-blogs&utm_campaign=meetedg…

How to Turn Down A Employee Who Asks for a Raise | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/debra-roberts/how-to-turn-down-a-employee-who-asks-for-a-raise.html?cid=sf01002

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

These 7 job interview mistakes 'will instantly destroy a first impression,' says CEO of 20 years
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/07/27/never-make-these-job-interview-mistakes-that-will-instantly-destroy-…

11 Biographies That Will Teach You More Than Any Business Book | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/business-books-biography-colin-landforce.html?cid=sf01002

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Want To Continue WFH? TCS, Infosys, IBM, Amazon, OYO & Many IT Firms Likely To Extend Policy
https://odishatv.in/videos/jobs/want-to-continue-wfh-tcs-infosys-ibm-amazon-oyo-many-it-firms-likely…

“Rich Dad Poor Dad” Author Believes He Knows Real Reason of New Chinese Crypto Ban
https://u.today/rich-dad-poor-dad-author-believes-he-knows-real-reason-of-new-chinese-crypto-ban?amp

What Are the Four Productivity Styles? How to Identify Yours
https://www.makeuseof.com/four-productivity-styles-identify-yours/amp/

You’ve heard of infotech. Now, it’s time for agritech
https://www.livemint.com/industry/agriculture/youve-heard-of-infotech-now-it-s-time-for-agritech/amp…

Preparing for the 'golden age' of artificial intelligence and machine learning | ZDNet
https://www.zdnet.com/google-amp/article/preparing-for-the-golden-age-of-artificial-intelligence-and…

Top 10 Quantum Machine Learning Companies to Watch in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-quantum-machine-learning-companies-to-watch-in-2021/

DRDO Recruitment 2021: Applications Invited from Engineers for Research Fellowships, Stipend Rs 25,0…
https://www.dqindia.com/drdo-recruitment-2021-applications-invited-from-engineers-for-research-fello…

Visualizing countries by share of earth’s surface - MINING.COM
https://www.mining.com/web/visualizing-countries-by-share-of-earths-surface/

Search Result for Cloud Virtual Internship – TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/searchresult.cms?query=Cloud%20Virtual%20Internship

A Marketing Expert's Weird Resume Got Him 30,000 Interviews in a Week
https://www.businessinsider.com/curriculum-vitae-robot-automated-chat-response-job-employment-landbo…

?? How to make clear & pretty error messages from the Go backend to your frontend? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/koddr/how-to-make-clear-pretty-error-messages-from-the-go-backend-to-your-frontend-21…

Building a Dating App with MERN - DEV Community
https://dev.to/collins87mbathi/building-a-dating-app-with-mern-478h

11 things to do in the first 100 days of a startup
https://yourstory.com/2021/09/eleven-things-first-100-days-startup/amp

Gshop Grocery Multivendor App - Flutter App UI Kit by Team-June | CodeCanyon
https://codecanyon.net/item/gshop-grocery-multivendor-app-flutter-app-ui-kit/33992695

Green castles in the sky - Vertical farms are growing more and more vegetables in urban areas | Tech…
https://amp.economist.com/technology-quarterly/2021/10/02/vertical-farms-are-growing-more-and-more-v…

7 Tips for Startup Food Entrepreneurs
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/376787

Top startup ideas for entrepreneurs of all ages to make money | Fox Business
https://www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle/top-startup-business-ideas-make-money.amp

Amazon launches its global computer science education initiative in India
https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/amazon-launches-its-global-computer-science-education-initia…

Notion now offers free credits to any startup globally, partners with AWS and Stripe – TechCrunch
https://techcrunch.com/2021/09/28/notion-now-offers-free-credits-to-any-startup-globally-partners-wi…

Top 10 books about human consciousness | Science and nature books | The Guardian
https://amp.theguardian.com/books/2021/sep/29/top-10-books-about-human-consciousness-charles-foster-…

untitled
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-robotics-companies-in-india-to-work-for-robotics-enthusiasts/

How to build 7,000+ REST APIs within 2 mins (Node.js + MySQL) !! - DEV Community
https://dev.to/o1lab/how-to-build-7-000-rest-apis-within-2-mins-node-js-mysql-470b

Self-driving startup Aurora maps out commercial strategy | Reuters
https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/self-driving-startup-aurora-maps-out-commercia…

All You Need to Know About a Human-Centered Machine Learning Designer
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/all-you-need-to-know-about-a-human-centered-machine-learning-design…

???? ?????? ????? ??????? ?????????? ?????? :: Setopati
https://www.setopati.com/blog/250245

8+ Reinforcement Learning Project Ideas | Coder One
https://www.gocoder.one/blog/reinforcement-learning-project-ideas

10 Winning Habits of Highly Charismatic People That You Can Adopt Too
https://addicted2success.com/life/10-winning-habits-of-highly-charismatic-people-that-you-can-adopt-…

Poets&Quants - She Applied To Harvard & Stanford With These Two MBA Essays
https://poetsandquants.com/2021/09/29/she-applied-to-harvard-stanford-with-these-two-mba-essays/2/

untitled
https://dev.to/korconnect/quickest-way-to-secure-api-keys-on-the-frontend-1jcp

11 Important Quantum Computing Industrial Revolutionizations
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/11-important-quantum-computing-industrial-revolutionizations/

Top 10 Indian AI Start-ups that Have Raised Funding in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-indian-ai-start-ups-that-have-raised-funding-in-2021/

'?? ??? ?????? ???????? ??? ????? ????????? ?????? ??? ???????????? ?????' :: Setopati
https://www.setopati.com/art/book/250349

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Why Intelligent Minds Like Elon Musk and Steve Jobs Embrace the 'No Silo Rule' | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/justin-bariso/why-intelligent-minds-like-elon-musk-steve-jobs-embrace-no-silo-ru…

50 Cool Web And Mobile Project Ideas for 2021 - DEV Community
https://dev.to/andrewbaisden/50-cool-web-and-mobile-project-ideas-for-2021-1pgl

5 Tips to Maximize Productivity Every Developer Must Know - DEV Community
https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/5-tips-to-maximize-productivity-every-developer-must-know-491e

?????, ?????? ? ????- ????? - ????????? ??????
https://ekantipur.com/opinion/2021/10/05/163339960258413232.html

Electronics Store: Buy Electronics products Online at Best Prices in India at Amazon.in
https://www.amazon.in/b?node=976419031&did=cust_00b4e220_6121_4a93_a63f_d0848bd73506&bid=F&cid=cb65f…

How Emotionally Intelligent Minds Like Steve Jobs Use the Rule of 3 to Become Exceptionally Persuasi…
https://www.inc.com/bill-murphy-jr/how-emotionally-intelligent-minds-like-steve-jobs-use-rule-of-3-t…

untitled
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-natural-language-processing-nlp-trends-and-predictions-for-2022…

Physicists take a key step in correcting quantum computer errors | Science | AAAS
https://www.science.org/content/article/physicists-take-key-step-correcting-quantum-computer-errors

The future of vertical farming is brighter than once thought
https://www.livemint.com/opinion/columns/the-future-of-vertical-farming-is-brighter-than-once-though…

There are two types of quantum computing. Now one company says it wants to offer both | ZDNet
https://www.zdnet.com/google-amp/article/there-are-two-types-of-quantum-computing-now-d-wave-says-it…

eShop - Flutter Multi Vendor eCommerce Full App by WRTeam | CodeCanyon
https://codecanyon.net/item/eshop-flutter-multi-vendor-ecommerce-full-app/34108271

10 Best Quantum Cryptography Books of All Time
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/10-best-quantum-cryptography-books-of-all-time/

A Headless Shopify storefront using Next.js,React And Tailwind CSS
https://reactjsexample.com/a-headless-shopify-storefront-using-next-js-react-and-tailwind-css/amp/

20 Interview questions for the cybersecurity professionals | TechGig
https://content.techgig.com/20-interview-questions-for-the-cybersecurity-professionals/amp_articlesh…

?Phishing classification with an ensemble model. | by Mordechai Worch | Oct, 2021 | Towards Data Sci…
https://towardsdatascience.com/phishing-classification-with-an-ensemble-model-d4b15919c2d7

Induced flaws in quantum materials could enhance superconducting properties
https://phys.org/news/2021-10-flaws-quantum-materials-superconducting-properties.amp

D-Wave plans to build a gate-model quantum computer – TechCrunch
https://techcrunch.com/2021/10/05/d-wave-plans-to-build-a-gate-model-quantum-computer/amp/

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

GitHub - discord/react-dnd-accessible-backend: An add-on backend for `react-dnd` that provides suppo…
https://github.com/discord/react-dnd-accessible-backend

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Experiments Show Quantum Computers Can Be Better Than the Sum of Their Parts – SciTechDaily
https://scitechdaily.com/experiments-show-quantum-computers-can-be-better-than-the-sum-of-their-part…

Want to Get Smarter? Elon Musk Recommends These 12 Books | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/melanie-curtin/want-to-get-smarter-elon-musk-recommends-these-12-books.html?cid=…

5 Classic Books Warren Buffett Personally Recommends You Should Read | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/warren-buffett-books-favorites.html?cid=sf01002

Your ability to 'bulls---' may be sign of intelligence: study
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/30/your-ability-to-bulls-may-be-sign-of-intelligence-study.html?utm_con…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

All Highly Intelligent People Share This Trait, According to Steve Jobs | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/jessica-stillman/this-is-number-1-sign-of-high-intelligence-according-to-steve-j…

Warren Buffett Says This Is How You Can Instantly Spot a Great Leader | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/warren-buffett-says-this-is-how-you-can-instantly-spot-a-great-…

Create a REST API with Node.js, Express, TypeScript, MongoDB & Zod
https://morioh.com/p/951e0d1aa09c?f=60c59d87cb33627fbcc0a0f3

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

untitled
https://www.inc.com/kelly-main/science-reveals-how-elon-musk-can-work-120-per-week-it-has-nothing-to…

Top 6 blockchain development frameworks - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/top-blockchain-development-frameworks/

5 Tips for Starting a Successful Company
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/388025

Top 10 Most Traded Cryptos in September
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-most-traded-cryptos-in-september/

‘Rich Dad’ Author Robert Kiyosaki Recommends Bitcoin Investments Before ‘Biggest Crash in History’
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rich-dad-author-robert-kiyosaki-192455809.html?guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6…

Aarti Thapa Writes
https://thapaaarti.wordpress.com/

Characteristics of an Entrepreneur
https://www.richdad.com/characteristics-of-an-entrepreneur?feed=robert-kim-blogs&utm_campaign=meeted…

How to Create a ReactJS Video Chat App with WebRTC and Socket.io
https://morioh.com/p/3cf637b91975?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Create a ReactJS Video Chat App with WebRTC and Socket.io
https://morioh.com/p/3cf637b91975?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Top 10 Quantum Computing Workshop and Conferences to Attend in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-quantum-computing-workshop-and-conferences-to-attend-in-2021…

GitHub - medarshanshah/freshersbatch-apr21
https://github.com/medarshanshah/freshersbatch-apr21

Flutter Ecommerce App UI - Speed Code
https://morioh.com/p/2c872fbf04df?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

These 7 job interview mistakes 'will instantly destroy a first impression,' says CEO of 20 years
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/07/27/never-make-these-job-interview-mistakes-that-will-instantly-destroy-…

5 obvious things 'too many people' forget to do before job interviews: Hiring CEO of 10 years
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/08/10/too-many-people-forget-to-do-these-5-obvious-things-before-the-job-i…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Working with Next.js + Headless CMS ????? | Tuomo Kankaanpää
https://tuomokankaanpaa.com/blog/working-with-nextjs-and-headless-cms

Careers at Cognizant | Cognizant jobs
https://careers.cognizant.com/in/en

How to send a web form without code or any backend - DEV Community
https://dev.to/magarrent-org/how-to-send-a-web-form-without-code-or-any-backend-4lio

Internship Opportunity: Call for Team Members by Litigation Simulation
https://www.lawctopus.com/litigation-simulation-internship-opportunity-team-members/

Cardano and Five Altcoins Set To Outperform Bitcoin As New Phase of Market Cycle Begins, Predicts Cr…
https://dailyhodl.com/2021/10/08/cardano-and-five-altcoins-set-to-outperform-bitcoin-as-new-phase-of…

Cryptocurrency: How to Invest Without Buying Any | NDTV Gadgets 360
https://gadgets.ndtv.com/cryptocurrency/features/cryptocurrency-invest-how-to-not-buy-any-bitcoin-do…

Learning by Doing: A Different Kind of Graduate School for Blockchain — CoinDesk
https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2021/10/08/learning-by-doing-a-different-kind-of-graduate-school-for…

React Portfolio Website | Build and Deploy | Responsive Portfolio Website Tutorial for Beginners
https://morioh.com/p/b1956427de66?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Billionaire Michael Dell's 21 principles for success: 'Never be the smartest person in the room'
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/10/06/billionaire-michael-dell-started-his-company-at-19-with-just-1000-he…

Warren Buffett Says All the Brainpower in the World Won't Matter Unless You Have This Skill | Inc.co…
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/warren-buffett-public-speaking-skill.html?cid=sf01002

Headless CMS vs. No-Code Website Builders – The New Stack
https://thenewstack.io/headless-cms-vs-no-code-website-builders/

Introduction to styled-components - DEV Community
https://dev.to/arshadayvid/stop-using-classnames-to-style-your-react-apps-instead-use-53jn

Top Machine Learning Project Ideas for Professionals
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-machine-learning-project-ideas-for-professionals/

How to Make a Complete Music App using Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/dfe32145c603?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

8 Altcoins to Watch, and 2 Criteria to Look for Before Investing
https://www.businessinsider.com/altcoins-to-watch-what-to-look-for-in-crypto-chase-2021-9

Mark Cuban: The World's First Trillionaire Is Learning 1 Skill and Discovering How to Use It in Now …
https://www.inc.com/jeff-haden/mark-cuban-worlds-first-trillionaire-is-learning-1-skill-discovering-…

Want to Get Rich? 21 Self-Made Billionaires Say People Who Build Wealth Answer This Question the Sam…
https://www.inc.com/jeff-haden/how-to-get-rich-build-wealth-why-21-self-made-billionaires-answer-one…

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

31 Simple Daily Habits That Separate High Achievers From Everyone Else | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/christina-desmarais/31-simple-daily-habits-that-separate-high-achievers-from-eve…

Build Your Own Security Camera with Python
https://morioh.com/p/1066401e3906?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Build Facebook Clone in REACT | With Google Authentication and React Context API | Firebase Hosting
https://morioh.com/p/57c56b936ad9?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Build an Animated App on Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/c6292f5e90d7?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

How I created and deployed another full stack app in just 3 days - DEV Community
https://dev.to/tarunfy/how-i-created-and-deployed-another-full-stack-app-in-just-3-days-41eo

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

A full stack GraphQL banking application using React, Node & TypeScript
https://reactjsexample.com/a-full-stack-graphql-banking-application-using-react-node-typescript/amp/

Flutter UI Medical App Open Source Code
https://morioh.com/p/934139cb3030?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Fastest Way To Send Email From Flutter App In Background With HTTP
https://morioh.com/p/9e82da511821?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Ye Tune Kya Kiya Lyrics in Hindi, Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Dobara Ye Tune Kya Kiya Song Lyrics in…
https://www.google.com/amp/s/gaana.com/lyrics/amp/ye-tune-kya-kiya.html

Build Flutter Apps Step by Step for iOS and Android Beginners
https://morioh.com/p/7fc5fa8216cc?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

ind vs pak - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=ind+vs+pak&oq=&aqs=chrome.0.35i39i362l2j46i39i199i291i362j35i39i362l…

Top 5 Complete App UI Kit for Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/c4ba7b260008?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

How to Build a Netflix Clone with GraphQL, React, and DataStax Astra
https://morioh.com/p/f905ccba8f4d?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

.:: ONLINE DRIVING LICENSE ::.
https://onlineedlreg.dotm.gov.np/Nepal_DLReg/dlNewRegHome.action

Build a real e-commerce app with React.js, Material-UI and Commerce.js
https://morioh.com/p/6677f2baf794?f=603c719d1528b00f7934320a

Top 10 Artificial Intelligence Technologies
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-10-artificial-intelligence-technologies/

Finding a Lost Song with Node.js & Async Iterators
https://morioh.com/p/d241fd0cff03?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to become an entrepreneurial engineer and create your own career path - TechRepublic
https://www.techrepublic.com/google-amp/article/how-to-become-an-entrepreneurial-engineer-and-create…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Web App UI kit – Figma
https://www.figma.com/community/file/1034840532489582350

Software Engineer Gets Job After 357 Rejections, 6-Month Hunt
https://www.businessinsider.com/software-engineer-job-hunt-357-rejections-talent-labor-shortage-tech…

Top Industrial Robotics Startups in India to Watch in 2021
https://www.analyticsinsight.net/top-industrial-robotics-startups-in-india-to-watch-in-2021/

Flight Attendant Reveals Hack To Get Upgraded To Business Class
https://www.indiatimes.com/amp/trending/social-relevance/flight-attendant-reveals-hack-to-get-upgrad…

Responsive Landing page Using HTML, CSS & JavaScript
https://morioh.com/p/93dd6559ab95?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Build Blockchain Apps on Polygon - Full Course
https://morioh.com/p/4678c14a1cfd?f=5cb7d89d660c8335951ca454

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

The 8 Top Secrets of Couples That Don't Fight (Very Often) - The Good Men Project
https://goodmenproject.com/featured-content/the-8-top-secrets-of-couples-that-dont-fight-very-often-…

Flutter Ecommerce App UI | Flutter UI challenge (Flutter 2.0)
https://morioh.com/p/497848ed87a3?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Cover Letters That Got People Jobs at Google, LinkedIn, Snap
https://www.businessinsider.com/cover-letters-got-jobs-google-linkedin-snapchat-warner-bros-2021-10?…

hamrobazar - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=hamrobazar&oq=hamro&aqs=chrome.0.0i433i512j0i131i433i512j69i57j0i433…

Flutter - Coffee House Concept App UI
https://morioh.com/p/bcca00b19220?f=5cb7d89d660c8335951ca454

???? ??? ???????? ???? ???? ??? ?????? ? ???? ???????? - Sakaratmak Soch
https://www.sakaratmaksoch.com/archives/12314

Yale Career Experts Say to Get Your Next Job, Your Resume Should Have These 5 Simple Things | Inc.co…
https://www.inc.com/peter-economy/yale-career-experts-say-that-to-get-your-next-job-your-resume-shou…

Build a Payment App from Scratch for iOS and Android using Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/11928e69bc31?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

Become 235 billion times more productive - DZone Web Dev
https://dzone.com/articles/become-235-billion-times-more-productive

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

A Phone Number Authentication + OTP login Page built with Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/8320e493ab03?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to build a Text editor in React JS
https://morioh.com/p/c10870ca6f67?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Create Authentication System with OTP-Disposable Password using Nodejs
https://morioh.com/p/c2f6b28d5d6b?f=60c59d87cb33627fbcc0a0f3

10 Things Women Want from the Men They Date - The Good Men Project
https://goodmenproject.com/sex-relationships/10-things-women-want-from-the-men-they-date/

Guys: 10 Sexy-Smart Things You Do That Totally Turn Us On - The Good Men Project
https://goodmenproject.com/featured-content/10-sexy-smart-things-men-give-us-major-brain-love-hesaid…

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

NestJS Microservices Full Course
https://morioh.com/p/8efd9c8967e3?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Build a Flutter Getx app using Flutter Getx package for Android & iOS
https://morioh.com/p/d4f981fb0d61?f=60b9dcb52bbe7b7fc69739b3

????? ?? ?????? ????????? ???? ???????? ???? ?????? ? - Sakaratmak Soch
https://www.sakaratmaksoch.com/archives/557

???? ???????????, ??? ?????????- ????? - ????????? ??????
https://ekantipur.com/opinion/2021/11/05/163607792604038643.html

??? ? ?????? ?????? ‘???????? ??????’ ???? ????? ?? | Nepal Khabar
https://nepalkhabar.com/opinion/109860-2021-10-26-17-37-42

Cardano Ecosystem Map (Interactive) - CardanoCube.io
https://www.cardanocube.io/cardano-ecosystem-interactive-map

Full Page Image Slider and Responsive Navigation Bar With HTML, CSS & JS
https://morioh.com/p/3a8bf6fb1de4?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

E-Commerce Microservice with NodeJS and RabbitMQ | NodeJS Microservice | Microservice
https://morioh.com/p/fca3a23d608f?f=600113381ed6632fcd35ba6f

Want to Become a Millionaire? Follow Warren Buffett's 4 Rules.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/389304

Complete Node & Express with 5 Projects - Full Course [2021]
https://morioh.com/p/b4003733257f?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Online Bookstore: Books, NOOK ebooks, Music, Movies & Toys | Barnes & Noble®
https://www.barnesandnoble.com/

Hotels.com
https://www.hotels.com/

Build Four Node.js and Express.js Projects
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-six-node-js-and-express-js/

Build a Discord stage channel clone with 100ms and Next.js - DEV Community
https://dev.to/100mslive/build-a-discord-stage-channel-clone-with-100ms-and-nextjs-5heb

Advice for starting a business from multibillion-dollar Eat Just
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/03/advice-for-starting-a-business-from-multibillion-dollar-eat-just.htm…

React Video Chat App Tutorial - Build and Deploy a WebRTC Video Chat Zoom Clone | Tabnine
https://morioh.com/p/87aa810e363e?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

20 Micro Jobs to Help You Make Money in Your Free Time
https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/20-micro-jobs-help-make-money-free-time/amp/

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

A perfect fit: How 3D printing is shaping a new era of customized care
https://garage.hp.com/us/en/innovation/3d-printing-healthcare-prosthetics-orthotics.html

?????? ?? ??????? | Nagarik News - Nepal Republic Media
https://nagariknews.nagariknetwork.com/opinion/669601-1637286194.html

Feed | LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/

CSRWire - A Perfect Fit: How 3D Printing Is Shaping a New Era of Customized Care
https://www.csrwire.com/press_releases/731776-perfect-fit-how-3d-printing-shaping-new-era-customized…

[Funding alert] Pet food startup Dogsee Chew raises $7M in pre-Series A from Sixth Sense Ventures
https://yourstory.com/2021/11/sixth-sense-ventures-invests-7m-pet-food-startup-brand-dogsee-chew/amp

WHOIS Search, Domain Name, Website, and IP Tools - Who.is
https://who.is/

untitled
https://nec.gov.np/

untitled
https://register.nec.gov.np/applicant-login

What I Learned from The Pragmatic Programmer and The Clean Coder
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/lessons-learned-from-the-pragmatic-programmer-and-the-clean-coder/

IELTS Test Preparation Materials - Videos, Practice tests, Articles and More
https://ielts.idp.com/nepal/prepare/ielts-test-preparation-material

Build a Full-Stack Notebook App using React and Firebase - DEV Community
https://dev.to/aviyel/build-a-full-stack-notebook-app-using-react-and-firebase-47m

The strange, surprisingly radical roots of the shopping mall |
https://ideas.ted.com/the-strange-surprisingly-radical-roots-of-the-shopping-mall/?utm_medium=social…

Clone of Whatsapp Web's current UI Built with React and Socket.IO
https://reactjsexample.com/clone-of-whatsapp-webs-current-ui-built-with-react-and-socket-io/amp/

Build and Deploy a Modern Real Estate App with React.js and Next.js
https://morioh.com/p/775b5e70f7d8?f=5e5c8b5be14d062e5d827134

Create Your Own Rest API for Phone Authentication
https://morioh.com/p/7b3070e1873b?f=60c59d87cb33627fbcc0a0f3

Build a Minimal Task Manager App using Flutter and Hive Database
https://morioh.com/p/42f6eab14f76?f=607e7df804cdf828c8cb7366

React Export Data To Excel Using Axios For Api Calls || Custom ExcelSheet Cell Formatting With Color
https://morioh.com/p/f236035a4205?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

A basic QR Scanner app built using Flutter
https://flutterawesome.com/a-basic-qr-scanner-app-built-using-flutter/amp/

Steve Jobs Summed Up Apple's Entire Strategy Using Just 6 Bullet Points. Each Teaches an Amazing Les…
https://www.inc.com/justin-bariso/apple-steve-jobs-how-to-write-a-meeting-agenda-email-apple-vs-epic…

Building a MERN stack simple blog site from absolute scratch ?? - DEV Community
https://dev.to/aviyel/building-a-mern-stack-simple-blog-site-from-absolute-scratch-5pm

Building a Trello Clone with React DnD - LogRocket Blog
https://blog.logrocket.com/building-trello-clone-react-dnd/

How Networking Is Necessary for Effective Entrepreneurship
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/393554

Full Self-Driving Diary: A longtime Tesla driver’s perspective on FSD beta - Electrek
https://electrek.co/2021/12/01/tesla-full-self-driving-fsd-impressions/amp/

CoSpace - Coworking Booking React Native App Template by timistudio
https://codecanyon.net/item/cospace-coworking-booking-react-native-app-template/35069789

Top 5 entrepreneurship and investment tips by Sanjeev Bikhchandani and Jaynti Kanani
https://www.msn.com/en-in/money/topstories/top-5-entrepreneurship-and-investment-tips-by-sanjeev-bik…

Top 12 AI and machine learning announcements at AWS re:Invent 2021 | VentureBeat
https://venturebeat.com/2021/12/03/top-12-ai-and-machine-learning-announcements-at-aws-reinvent-2021…

Train your mind before transforming your body
https://yourstory.com/weekender/train-your-mind-before-transforming-your-body/amp

New tab
chrome-native://newtab/

Food Ordering App UI Design Using React Next.js | Responsive Restaurant Website
https://morioh.com/p/9cdc6d4d6b94?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Tom Corley: 240 minutes a day separates the rich from everyone else
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/06/21/tom-corley-240-minutes-a-day-separates-the-rich-from-everyone-else.h…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/bbe1b6acaedd?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/d34e8d9d756b?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

How to Create a Group Video Calling with React, JavaScript and Agora
https://morioh.com/p/2f0042ccd176?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

Become a Data Scientist in 2022: A Practical 52-Week Course | by Frank Andrade | Dec, 2021 | Towards…
https://towardsdatascience.com/become-a-data-scientist-in-2022-a-practical-52-week-course-8244cc1828…

Building an Authentication Flow with Next.js, TailwindCSS, & AWS Amplify
https://morioh.com/p/778b6323a7a6?f=603c719d1528b00f7934320a

How to Build QR Code Generator, Scanner, and Sharing App in Flutter
https://morioh.com/p/aac3fce8af09?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32

CERN Junior Fellowship Program 2022 Fully Funded in Geneva, Switzerland
https://scholarships365.info/cern-junior-fellowship-program

Top 12 Destinations for Postgraduate Study in 2022 | FindAMasters.com
https://www.findamasters.com/advice/blog/7523/top-12-destinations-for-postgraduate-study-in-2022/?ct…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/8efdef3997b6?f=603c719d1528b00f7934320a

How to Tell if You're a Problem Spotter or a Problem Solver | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/chris-heivly/are-you-a-problem-spotter-or-a-problem-solver.html?cid=sf01002

6 Signs to Instantly Identify Someone With True Leadership Skills | Inc.com
https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/6-signs-to-instantly-identify-someone-with-true-leadership-skil…

Morioh
https://morioh.com/p/8efdef3997b6?f=603c719d1528b00f7934320a

2021 Apple 10.2-inch (25.91 cm) iPad with A13 Bionic chip (Wi-Fi, 256GB) - Silver (9th Generation) :…
https://www.amazon.in/Apple-10-2-inch-25-91-Bionic-Wi-Fi/dp/B09G9CVML5/ref=sr_1_1?crid=111NY2RDOBKK6…
